CHAPTER 1

The moon, also known as the < Great Catastrophe >, which attacks this world once a year.
Because the troublesome moon approached this world too closely, bizarre incidents have cropped up all across the continent.
Ancient beasts have been revived, and souls have begun to inhabit inanimate objects....
At the magic headquarters where we reside, we’re swamped on the daily with missions to subdue these mysterious events.

Cock Robin: Sir Sage! Hello! I’ve brought this month’s mission paperwork and summary reports!

Akira: Hello, Mister Cock Robin. W... Wait, are these all reports!?

Cock Robin: This is all the paperwork from the Central Country capital. I’ll bring the reports from peripheral provinces and other countries later on!

Murr: Lots of letters! Does it make you happy to get lots of letters? Or does it make you sad?

Akira: U-under these circumstances, I’d say I’m sad....?

Murr: Ok, time to burn them! << Eanul Ra—.... >>

Cock Robin: Hey, no!! Stop that! These are important documents....!

Akira: But we can’t possibly keep up with this flood of paperwork.... I wish we had a more effective way to subdue these incidents all over the world.....

✦✧☾✧✦

Snow: We have discovered a method to quieten these bizarre occurrences stemming from the influence of the < Great Catastrophe >!

White: While this method might not eliminate such incidents altogether, it should palliate their number significantly.

Akira: That’s amazing!

Figaro: So that was why you gathered all of us teachers here — me, Oz, Shylock, and Faust.

Snow: Indeed! I thought we should inform you all first.

Faust: So what is this method you speak of?

Snow: All twenty-one of us wizards shall carry out the holy festivals.

White: We will revive the ancient temples to summon the original spirits, so the lands may regain their true powers.

Oz: ....Revive the ancient temples?

Shylock: Do you really mean that? Is that even possible in this day and age?
The ancient temples no longer exist. If we revive them, won’t they create a threat to the humans living on the land today?

Faust: And humans will be infuriated if you steal their land. Perhaps Central Country will cooperate — the magic headquarters is housed here, after all. But I can’t imagine the humans of other countries cooperating with us wizards.

Akira: Um.....

Oz: What is it?

Akira: What exactly is the purpose of the holy festival, and what does it entail?

Oz: ..........
It is difficult to explain to humans using words.

Figaro: That’s your answer to everything. It’s a miracle you managed to raise a child.

Shylock: Sir Sage, allow me to provide a simple explanation. Our world is currently in a state of confusion and disarray because the < Great Catastrophe > came too close — imagine how oil reacts when mixed with water.
To return this world to its original state, we need to summon the original spirits — who have existed here since ancient times — and re-ensconce them to where they belong. That is the proposal at hand.

Akira: In other words.... If these original spirits return to the lands where they used to reside, we’ll stop seeing so many incidents?

Figaro: Yes. But the original spirits are generally disgusted with the current state of the world, so they’ve retreated into a deep slumber. The simple act of calling them out might incur their fury.
One wrong move and we’re stone. The holy festival allows us to quell the spirits’ anger by doing whatever we can to make them feel really good.
We’ll round up wizards who the spirits are fond of, wear clothes that suit their tastes, and entice them to appear before us.
Think about it. If you tried to drag the shut-in Faust out of his room by force, he’d be absolutely livid, right? So you bring a kitten to put him in a good mood. That’s what this is.

Faust: You couldn’t think of a better example?

Akira: No, that was really good! I get it now. So we can’t just drag them out with powerful magic.

Snow: Exactly. The original spirits tend to favor the wizards of their own lands. Thus, the wizards from each country ought to revive their respective holy temples.

White: So we Northern wizards will lead by example.... Or that’s what we’d like to say, but Mithra and the others are absolute ruffians.
I can guarantee they’ll incur the wrath of the original spirits.

Snow: I don’t think we’d lose in a battle of brute power, but subduing the spirits with power will not encourage them to stick around — they will be gone again in no time.

Akira: Figaro mentioned the risk of turning to stone... Which means it’s dangerous.

Shylock: Indeed.

Akira: I don’t want to put everyone in danger’s way. ...How do you feel about this, Oz?


CHAPTER 2

Oz responds without batting an eye.

Oz: If we fail to cultivate the young wizards before the < Great Catastrophe > strikes again, their names will end up engraved upon tombstones.

The whole room goes silent.
Oz quietly continues, his gaze cold as the depths of the ocean and calm as the endless galaxy.

Oz: But we are watching over them. We will not let them turn to cold stone.
When they encounter precipitous and unknown bridges, we will be by their side, holding their hands as we guide them across to the paths beyond. And the Sage will be there with us.

Akira: ...I understand. I’m a little scared, but let’s give it a try.

Oz smiles and nods. The other teachers begin to speak up — it looks like they’re all on board.

Faust: Well then, we need to figure out which ancient temple we’re going to revive first.

Shylock: We can leave the Northern temple for last, for the reasons Sir Snow laid out earlier. Which of the four remaining temples should we begin with?

Akira: Let’s see.....
I think I’d like us to start with the ancient temple of Western Country... I’d like the Western wizards to go first.

Shylock: Oh my. It’s an honor.

Akira: Murr, Shylock, Rustica... Besides Chloe, all of the Western wizards are very experienced.
And you seem like you’re excellent festival-planners. We need to gratify the original spirits to pull off these holy festivals, right?
That’s why I’d like to start with the Western temple. Shylock, may I request your help....?

Shylock: Of course. I’ll put my life on the line to fulfill your expectations, Sir Sage.

Akira: Is everyone else okay with that too?

Figaro: Not a bad choice. The Western wizards are amicable party-goers, after all. But they can be disrespectful at times.

Shylock: Oh my, you’re spot on. I thought we were all on our best behavior in front of terrifying individuals like you, but....

Figaro: See? There you go again, Shylock. You don’t think I’m terrifying in the least, but you went ahead and said it anyway.
You have a habit of pricking people with needles — you like to go out of your way to step on the lion’s tail. What are going to do if I ever get mad?

Figaro narrows his eyes. Shylock responds with a delighted smile.

Shylock: We’ll tremble in fear and excitement. We enjoy both, you see.

Figaro: What bad kids you are. See that, Sir Sage? And Shylock’s actually one of the more decent Westerns out there.

White: The issue is Murr..... The original spirits will either adore him or strike him down with furious wrath.

Snow: To be safe, I think we should ask a crew of reverent and dependable wizards to accompany them. Don’t you agree, Oz?

Oz nods and turns to look at Faust.

Oz: Faust.

Faust: What.

Oz: The Eastern wizards should accompany and support the Western wizards on their mission.

Faust: What?

✦✧☾✧✦

Murr: Ya~y! We’re headed off to Western Country together!

Faust: .....Why must we go to Western Country, of all places......

Shino: Why are we going as support staff? This was my chance to rack up some achievements.....

Chloe: Shino, Heathcliff, I’m so glad you two are joining us! I was so nervous when I heard we’d be carrying out a ritual I’d never even heard of!
I stuffed my bag full of tons of fashionable clothes, so let’s get dressed up later!

Heathcliff: Y-yeah. Thanks.....

Nero: Reverent and dependable wizards, huh.... Don’t you think that’s more Central or South than East....?

Shylock: The spirits of each country have temperaments akin to the same country’s wizards. So the Eastern wizards are probably more to their liking.

Nero: So we’re like, your type....?

Shylock: Yes: we adore how vigilant you are, and the way you carefully measure your distance with others.

Rustica: And yet you’re kind and serious and so obliging of our requests.

Nero: I don’t recall going along with any requests.....

Rustica: What did you bring in the lunch basket? I hope there’s a salmon-avocado sandwich.

Nero: Lunch basket? I don’t have one. I would’ve made one if you asked.

Rustica: I see.... That’s too bad.

Nero: Hang on, what was it... Salmon? If you don’t mind waiting a bit, I can head to the kitchen and.....

Heathcliff: Nero. You’re going along with his request.

Nero: Wha.....

Faust: .......We have terrible chemistry with Western wizards.......

Shylock: Going out with Eastern wizards is quite fun.

Murr: Fun! Fun! Shino, I’ll guide you around Western Country, the same way you guide folks around Sherwood Forest in the East!

Shino: Is there a forest like that in Western Country? A forest so big you’d get lost?

Murr: No forests! You know what people get lost in? Desire! Western Country is the land of desire!

Shino: Land of desire.....

Shylock: Perhaps that’s an unfamiliar concept for austere Eastern wizards such as yourselves.
Myself included, the residents of Western Country love excitement — we love the charming and the electrifying.
We are particularly interested in charming people. A beautiful noble like Heathcliff would be the center of attention.

Shino: Hear that?

Heathcliff: I.... I see.....

Chloe: We should all dress up in some really stylish clothes!

Rustica: We all love to chat, you see. Rumors, romance, riches, adventure. It doesn’t matter if the tales are true or tall so long as they make our hearts dance.

Faust: .....Is that not perfidious?

Rustica: It’s just like enjoying music. We want our bodies and souls to dance all day: we’ll cheer, we’ll scream, we’ll release sighs of relief.
Even if it means our hearts are in constant turmoil like frenzied mice, we’d rather be thrilled than bored.

I listen to Rustica in silence.
The Western wizards are defined by their individualism.... They’re exuberant, indulgent, and love to have fun.
Shylock, Murr, Rustica, Chloe. Each of them has their own set of values; they live by treasuring what they enjoy.

Akira: (I wonder what their country is like....?)


CHAPTER 3

Shylock lifts his pipe to his lips and breathes out a cloud of smoke. The decorative butterfly on the pipe begins to glow and flap its wings.
It dances through the air, and, like a lantern illuminating the darkness, sprinkles Shylock’s hands with an array of rainbow sparkles.
Shylock unfurls an old map, and the butterfly lands on a single spot.

Shylock: According to Sir Snow and Sir White, the ancient temple should be here.... Around the City of Wealth.

Nero: The City of Wealth? Isn’t that the capital of Western Country?

Shylock: Indeed. It’s the most populous municipality in Western Country.
The original spirits are not fond of humans. In order to carry out our ritual, we’ll need to keep humans from entering the festival grounds.
It will be quite troublesome keeping people out in such a bustling city.

Rustica: Are we going to where this butterfly landed? I’ve visited before.

Chloe: Really?

Rustica: Yes; it’s the Heavenly Imperial Palace of the Western royal family. I think Lord Antonio, His Majesty’s cousin, is the current master of the palace.

Akira: He’s the Western King’s cousin? Then isn’t he a really important man....?

Rustica: Don’t worry. He was an adorable four-year-old boy when I met him just a few years ago. He was very friendly, despite knowing me to be a wizard.

Chloe: Even if you met him right before we started traveling together, I guess he’d still be about ten years old? That’s great; it should be easy to talk to a cute little boy!

Rustica: I agree. He was delighted when I showed him my magic. He said he wanted to be a wizard when he grew up.

Chloe: That’s a relief! Then let’s ask our little Count Antonio to vacate the palace just until we can wrap up the festival!
I’m sure it’ll all work out, Sir Sage!

Akira: You’re right!

✦✧☾✧✦

(Woosh)

Shino: So this is the Heavenly Imperial Palace?

Palace worker: Aaagh....! A wizard came in through the window.....!

(Footsteps)

Heathcliff: I-I apologize for startling you..... Ah.... He ran away......

Chloe: Woah....! What a fancy room....! Everyone is all dressed up....!

Akira: This reminds me of those European royal palaces.... The walls, the floors, and even the ceiling are covered with fine decorations.....

Shino: What a palace..... That chandelier alone looks like it’s worth a fortune. Can I bring it home?

Nero: Sure, just make sure they don’t catch you.

Faust: Absolutely not. Nero, you reckless man......

Nero: I’m kidding, okay? Looks like we’re in a casino. Everyone’s playing cards and roulettes.

Shino: What’s a casino?

Murr: It’s where you go to gamble! I love casinos!

Heathcliff: Are you sure it was all right for us to pay a visit without providing any advance notice....? He is a relative of the King.....

Chloe: It’s fine! He knows Rustica, and he’s a little boy who’s fond of wizards!

Nero: I can’t say I feel too welcomed, though.... Everyone’s scowling at us.

Shylock: Why don’t we begin by paying our respects to the Lord of the house. The salon looks to be that way; let’s go.

✦✧☾✧✦

As we head to the salon, we hear delighted cheers and thunderous applause.

Chloe: Sounds like a party. I wonder if they’re celebrating something....?

Noble: Lord Antonio! Congratulations on your sixtieth birthday!

Noble: Happy birthday! Let us offer our blessings to Lord Antonio’s mana stone mines, which will bring prosperity to Western Country for a thousand years to come!

Antonio: Hohoho! Wizards are relics of the past! The future will be built by magical science!
And Western Country shall become the most powerful nation in the world! Let us toast to our eternal glory!

Nobles: Cheers!

Chloe: ......... Sixtieth.....?

Rustica: Huh?

Chloe: Don’t "huh" me.....! Where’s little ten-year-old Antonio!? He’s calling wizards "relics of the past"!

Rustica: Sorry, sorry. When you’ve lived a long life, the flow of time tends to get away from you.

Akira: Huh!? Wait, does that mean.....

Rustica laughs, and shrugs quizzically.

Rustica: It appears that Count Antonio is an elderly man who has long forgotten how he once admired wizards.

Akira: Huuuh!?

While my blood pressure skyrockets, the Western wizards are having the time of their lives.

Murr: Ahaha! That’s so funny!

Shylock: Oh my, that’s hilarious. You mistook a few years for a few decades.

Rustica: Ahaha, my apologies.

Chloe: I-I don’t think we should just be laughing this off!?

Chloe, who has more common sense than the rest of them, goes pale.
That’s when a few guards come running up to us.

(Footsteps)

Guard: There they are! Intruders!


CHAPTER 4

Guard: Capture those suspicious wizards!

Nero: Hey, so what do we do now?

Shino: I’ll deal with them.

Heathcliff: Don’t, Shino!

Shino: Why?

Heathcliff: Because this palace belongs to a man related to the King of Western Country, and I’m the son of an Eastern noble!

Shino: What’s wrong with that?

Heathcliff: It’ll cause a diplomatic nightmare! What would you do if a Western soldier started a riot in Blanchett Castle!?

Shino: I’d fly all the way to Western Country and execute the guy who dared leave a stain upon Master’s castle.

Heathcliff: See? That’s why we need to resolve things peacefully.....

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed >>

While Heathcliff is busy patiently persuading Shino, Faust steps out from behind Heathcliff’s back and utters his spell.
His mirror materializes and unleashes a brilliant light.
The light envelops the soldiers, freezing them in place like stone.

Noblewoman: Eeeek, the soldiers.....!

Heathcliff is stunned by Faust’s merciless attack.

Heathcliff: M.... Mr. Faust.....

Faust: What? Do you have a problem? I hate humans. I really hate soldiers. And I especially hate people who call me a suspicious wizard.

Shino: Alright. I’ll help you out.

Heathcliff: Wai.....

Noblewoman: Eeeek, a tiny child with a giant scythe.....!

Nero: Agh, geez, what a mess......

Akira: Wh-what should we do....!? Do you think they’ll forgive us if we introduce ourselves properly and say sorry!?

Murr somersaults through the air as I freeze in panic.

Murr: If it were me, I wouldn’t forgive us!

Akira: No way.....

Murr: That’s why we have to make this a real mess!

Murr floats through the air and lands on the sparkling chandelier.

(Rattle)

The decorative glass releases a delicate rattle, and everyone in the salon turns up to look at Murr.

Noble: .....! Someone’s standing on the chandelier....!

Murr glances across the bustling salon and narrows his cat-like eyes in an intrepid grin. He brings his knuckle close to his lips and drops a kiss on his ring.

Murr: People loathe half-hearted chaos.... But they love absolute chaos! Do you know why?
Because that makes it a show!

Noble: Woah.....!?

As the salon plunges into darkness, brilliant droplets of light streak out of Murr’s ring like shooting stars.
The droplets turn into pearlescent petals that float across the salon like milky waves.
The noblewomens’ screams turn to delighted sighs of fascination.
Because pearly flowers begin to blossom on their barrettes, necklaces, and rings.

Noblewoman: ....My, how lovely! What a beautiful pearly flower!

Noble: Amazing! Did they do this? Who are these men?

All the ladies and gentlemen in the room are thrilled. The novel delight before their eyes makes their hearts beat with excitement. Shylock was right.
The residents of Western Country love charming people.

Akira: (And my wizards are absolute stars......)

Amidst the sea of pearly petals, Shylock and the others stroll across the red carpet under the chandelier as it sways back and forth from Murr’s weight.
Nobody can take their eyes off of the wizards’ parade.
When Shylock smokes his pipe, a beautiful lady whispers in a mesmerized haze.

Noblewoman: Ah.... What a lovely aroma..... I want to exchange pipes with that lovely man; we can smoke together in a secret rendezvous.......

Noblewoman: I wonder why that gentleman is carrying a birdcage? I love it; he’s like a book full of mysteries. His gentle gaze is so charming.

Noblewoman: I like that one. He looks a bit nervous — like a little puppy. I love his clothes, too.

Attentive, curious gazes follow the Western wizards as they march on towards the back of the salon.
The Eastern wizards follow from behind.
Faust looks irritated, Nero looks uncomfortable, Shino looks brazen — and Heathcliff keeps his eyes on the ground.
That’s when I catch sight of something strange. We’re indoors, yet... There’s a young girl drenched in water from head to toe.

Girl: ..........

Akira: Huh?

I do a double take. The girl looks normal now: she seems exhausted, and her outfit is too flamboyant to suit her, but she’s just an ordinary girl.

Akira: (What was that....? An illusion....? Huh? Chloe’s looking at her.....)

Chloe: .....The homeless witch......

Before I can ask, "Do you know her?" Shylock's soothing voice cuts across the room.

Shylock: Pleased to make your acquaintance, Lord Antonio.

Before him stands an elderly noble decorated in gold and silver. His gaze tells me that he’s sizing us up.

Akira: (So this is Mister Antonio.....)


CHAPTER 5

Shylock: Pleased to make your acquaintance, Lord Antonio. I am the Western wizard Shylock.
The gentlemen beside me are the Sage from another world and the Sage’s wizards.

Mister Antonio glares at me, one eyebrow raised in weary displeasure.

Antonio: The Sage..... So you’re the Sage’s wizards who fight the < Great Catastrophe >.

Akira: Yes. My name is Akira.

Mister Antonio lowers his eyebrows and releases a huff of ridicule.

Antonio: So you came from another world — but you seem to possess neither beauty nor intellect. What a boring creature you are.

Eastern wizards: What?

Before I can say anything, the Eastern wizards unleash an air of displeasure; their eyes are filled with rage.

Akira: (The Eastern wizards are standing up for me..... That makes me happy.....)

The Western wizards, on the other hand, remain unmoved.
They might be mad, but Mister Antonio’s words do nothing to dim their smiles.

Rustica: Sir Sage is both a very beautiful and very intelligent man.
It certainly has been a while, Lord Antonio.

Antonio: "It’s been a while"? Have we met before?

Rustica: Indeed. We met in this very palace. You were delighted by my magic and my performance on the harpsichord.
Have you forgotten?

Antonio: I don’t bother to remember worthless nonsense.

Rustica: Worthless nonsense.....

Rustica’s face clouds over in sadness.

Antonio: Hmph. So what brings you here?

Akira: Because the < Great Catastrophe > approached this world too closely, bizarre incidents have cropped up all across the continent.
We’d like to carry out a holy festival to placate these incidents. Would you be willing to lend us this palace so we can perform our ritual?

Antonio: Lend you.... the Heavenly Imperial Palace?

Akira: We’d like you to clear the palace of people. The original spirits loathe humans; in order to revive the ancient temple, we....

Antonio: Revive the ancient temple? In the Heavenly Imperial Palace? .....Ludicrous! We would never rely on wizards to do anything for us!
Your negligence is what triggered the < Great Catastrophe > to wreak havoc. Be grateful I’m not suing you for compensatory damages!

Akira: But.....

Antonio: We don’t need to rely on wizards: we have the power of magical science technology, and mountains of mana stones to fuel that technology.
Your little magic show just now could be easily accomplished with mana stones. It’s nothing worth gawking at!
Stop monkeying around on the chandelier, you phony clown!

Mister Antonio points at the chandelier. Murr tilts his head.

Murr: Monkey? Ook ook!

Antonio: Stop spewing nonsense with that face! You’re just disguising yourself using magic — charading as the paragon of our nation, the genius of the ages, Murr!
I’ve seen his portrait before! And I know you’re not the real Murr! The real Murr would never put on such a foolish act!

Shylock steals a glance at Murr, who’s still acting like a monkey, before nodding in sincere agreement.

Shylock: I deeply understand how you feel. But he can be quite cute once you get used to it.

Murr: Ook? Ook!?

Shylock: See? Don’t you think he’s sweet?

Murr: I’m sweet~! Ook~!

Antonio: Silence! You can’t fool me! Get off the chandelier right now!!

Chloe: M-Murr! Come here! Come on!

Murr lands on the ground in response to Chloe’s beckoning. Mister Antonio lets out a deep sigh, before grumbling.

Antonio: The great genius Murr is no more.... I saw his ghost in the casino room.

Akira: ....You saw Murr’s ghost?


CHAPTER 6

Antonio: Yes.... I saw him right after the < Great Catastrophe > attacked.
According to legend, Murr loved a good gamble.
He must be telling me to protect the palace casino for eternity.
I must protect the will of the great innovator Murr — I’ll never let you antiquated wizards turn this Heavenly Imperial Palace into some temple!

The nobles take Mister Antonio’s insults as their cue to join in ridiculing the wizards.

Noble: Spirits and temples? Why, I’d wager that even my great-grandmother didn’t believe in that nonsense.

Noble: Well, wizards are known to prefer superstition over science. Their looks might be enough to trick the ladies, but not us.

Akira: We aren’t playing tricks on you. Please hear us out. People all over the world are suffering from....

Nero: Don’t bother, Sir Sage.

Akira: Nero.....

Nero: The world is full of guys who can only believe what they can see. That’s just how it is.

Nero mumbles matter-of-factly, without a hint of frustration or sadness.
The Eastern wizards follow him as he exits the salon.
Mister Antonio bellows and raises his glass.

Antonio: Hah..... Get out of here, scram! But your show just now wasn’t half bad. Ladies and gents, why don’t we tip them for their little performance?

Noble: Ahaha! Have a silver coin! Take it and leave us alone! Come on, I know you were only showing us magic to beg for money!

Noblewoman: Oh, what a shame. You’re leaving already? Thank you for the lovely flowers, dear wizards. Please come visit to show us your tricks again!

(Clink)

Clink, clink. Silver coins shower the wizards as they leave the salon.
The smiling nobles aren’t all taunting — some are offering their genuine goodwill.
A lady with a fan comes running up to Heathcliff and tucks a necklace with a giant jewel into his palm.

Noblewoman: You’re as beautiful and lovely as the moon. Could you show me your magic next time? This is a special reward just for you.... Please accept it.

Heathcliff: ...........

Heathcliff is dumbfounded. And I know it’s because the lady’s sweet gaze contains kindness and affection — nothing else.
Shino is the one who retorts in anger.

Shino: Cut the crap. Who do you think he is? He’s the son of the great Eastern nobles, the Blanchett—....

Heathcliff: Hold it, Shino.

Heathcliff steps in to stop Shino. He closes his beautiful eyes for a moment, searching for the right words before locking eyes with the noblewoman.
She blushes from making eye contact with Heathcliff in such proximity.

Heathcliff: I cannot accept this.

Noblewoman: But why....? Is it not to your liking? Or are you being modest?

Heathcliff responds to her confusion with a sad smile and a limp shake of his head. He returns the jewel to her hands.

Heathcliff: ....I believe you are a kind person. But you will never understand how we feel.
And that makes me very sad.... So I cannot accept this gift.

Heathcliff bows and walks away. The lady’s gaze follows his back until he disappears from her sight.

Shino: You should’ve told her you’re the son of a great noble. That you’ve seen tons of jewels like that.

Heathcliff: I didn’t want her to think that I didn’t care for the jewel because I owned plenty already. I don’t know if my message got across to her, but....
.....This place.... Western Country is a little scary.......

Faust: ....Western Country is an opulent nation. You can buy anything with gold. Look at the faces of the servants and musicians.
They are all beautiful — but worn out. They’re forced to work like animals on a leash, as the nobles dangle silver coins like carrots before their eyes.

Faust’s words prompt me to take a closer look at my surroundings. The nobles seem to be enjoying themselves, but the servers are all exhausted.
Everyone seems to have forgotten about us — the party goes on as if we had never been there.
A crowd of nobles surrounds the girl I spotted earlier as she lights a fire with her fingertips.
Her mysterious spell does not impress her audience.

Noble: Oh, you. I’m tired of that little trick. Can’t you do something more grand, like the magic those wizards showed us earlier?

Girl: I.... I’m sorry.....

Akira: (Is she a wizard....?)

CHAPTER 7

Chloe: .....I think she’s from the City of Foam.

Akira: City of Foam....? Isn’t that where you’re from, Chloe....?

Chloe: Yeah..... It’s a Western slum. I spotted her by my parents’ shop every once in a while. Everyone avoided her because there were rumors that she was a witch.
She was chased out of her own home and slept on the streets, keeping herself warm with the fire from her fingertips.... She was known as the homeless witch who sang herself lullabies all alone.
My parents would point to her every time they got mad at me. "Do you want to end up like her? Be grateful we’re letting you stay here....."

Rustica: Chloe......

Chloe: .....I never thought I’d find her here.......
I’d heard rumors about nobles buying powerless wizards so they could showcase them to guests, but it’s really happening......

Shino: ....Why would a wizard agree to that? They can use magic. Do they have no pride?

Chloe: ....I think it’s because they don’t want to do bad things.

Chloe gazes at the girl with sadness in his eyes.

Chloe: People think we’re creepy; nobody wants to hire a wizard. But that means we can’t find work.
So wizards like her could use magic to do bad things. Or they could pretend they’re not wizards, and live as humans, fooling everyone around them.....
But they don’t want to. They want to be their true selves; they want to live among people. That’s why this is the only path left for them......

Shino: ...........

Shino directs a bitter gaze at the girl.
She stands with a smile plastered to her face as she lights a fire at her fingertips, over and over again.....
The flame that could be taken out with a single breath wavers dimly under the light of the sparkling chandeliers.

✦✧☾✧✦

Upon exiting the salon, we call a meeting among the stars in the night sky.

Shino: That was awful.

Nero: That was awful.

Faust: That was awful.

Heathcliff: .....I have to say, it’s kind of hard for me to find anything positive to say about this place......

Shino: Sage, we just need to get rid of everybody in there, right? I’ll stuff them into bags and toss them out the window. Problem solved.

Faust: This is what happens when you don’t do your research in advance. Next time, we need to carry out a careful investigation beforehand....

Nero: I’m so done.... Let’s just call Oz and put an end to this. I don’t wanna step foot in that salon ever again.....

Maybe it would be more accurate to say they were venting. After hearing out the Eastern wizards’ numerous curses and grievances, the Western wizards smile brightly.

Murr: Yeah, yeah. I feel you.

Shylock: Do you feel better?

Rustica: Don’t you think it’s time to talk about something fun?

Faust: Were you even listening to us!?

Shino: You should be angrier!

Shylock brings his pipe to his mouth and releases a puff of smoke.
His alluring eyes twinkle, so charming that they could whisk away the night’s dark clouds.

Shylock: We are quite serious, and also quite furious. For our favorite wizards were forced to suffer such unpleasantries.

Heathcliff: Your favorite wizards?

Rustica: You all, of course.

The Eastern wizards are stunned. Rustica continues, deep regret in his voice.

Rustica: You took the time and effort to visit Western Country, so I wanted it to be a pleasant experience for you, my dear friends.
So I’m very sorry, and also very sad. I do apologize.

After a long silence, the Eastern wizards all look away at once.

Shino: .....I’m not mad or anything.

Faust: .....It’s not like this was your fault.

Heathcliff: No, I apologize for disparaging your home country.....

Nero: Yeah, like, I was a little too harsh back there.......

The Eastern wizards’ fury seems to have dissipated in an instant. The Western wizards observe them like quiet cats watching a litter of meowing kittens.

Akira: (This is so interesting. The Western wizards and the Eastern wizards are polar opposites.....)

Faust: Plus.... There was something strange about that salon.

Akira: Something strange?

Faust: Yes. The natural order there was in disarray; the balance of fortune had gone berserk.
One side was aflush in good fortune; the other was losing luck by the moment.

Shylock: I trust a curseworker’s assessment. The residents of Western Country do enjoy their merriment, but I felt something twisted back there too. .....
The nobles seemed to have forgotten their humanity, soullessly pursuing their desires like broken clockwork. The laborers, on the other hand, seemed to have relinquished all desire.
The human heart maintains equilibrium by offering tight shoes to feet that have grown fat from desire, and permitting barefooted relaxation to those exhausted from labor.
But the employees begging for silver coins without rest or complaint — they were acting like fear gortas.

Akira: Fear gortas....?

Nero: They’re a fairy species who went extinct a long time ago. They’d appear disguised as beggars, and if you offered them a token, they’d grant you good luck as a reward.

Akira: Could the influence of the < Great Catastrophe > have revived ancient fairies....?

Rustica: That’s quite possible. Perhaps the fear gorta have possessed the workers.
These poor souls are exhausting themselves as they peddle away all their luck; meanwhile, the nobles who have an excess of fortune are beginning to lose their hearts.....
Just think about it: tossing silver coins at your guests is quite lowly behavior. Something is wrong here.
A true noble would never do such a thing. Don’t you agree, Heathcliff?

Heathcliff: Precisely. A lord exists for his people, and a party can only go on while its guests remain.

They’re right. What happened at the salon was so overwhelming that we left feeling pained, but someone should’ve pointed out how strange people were acting.

Akira: If we manage to get rid of the fear gorta, do you think the nobles and the workers will all return to their senses and hear us out?

Shylock: I can’t say for certain, but that’s a very real possibility. Shall we intrude upon the Heavenly Imperial Palace tonight and investigate for traces of the fear gorta?

Faust: The fear gorta could be somewhere else, so we’ll investigate the workers’ residential quarters. I don’t want to get near that salon anyway.

Nero: Agreed. We’ll leave the salon to you guys. Take care, okay? Especially you.... Little Tailor.

Chloe: Ah.... me?

Nero: You’ve been really quiet. Don’t push yourself too hard.

Chloe: I’m okay! Thanks!

Chloe responds cheerily, but I also feel like he’s forcing himself to smile.

Akira: (He’s probably worried about the homeless witch.....)
(I wish we could figure out a way to help her too....)


CHAPTER 8

Homeless witch: ....Finally done with cleaning.... I’m so tired; I’ve been working nonstop since morning. ....But it’s my fault for being so disorganized......
....A piano..... I haven’t sung since the day I arrived at the salon.....
Back when I slept on the streets, I was all alone, but I got to sing whenever I wanted. That was fun.....
.....What am I saying? I need to work harder..... I need to earn my keep...... I need to give.
Because I’m a witch. Otherwise, I’d be worthless.......

✦✧☾✧✦

Antonio: .....And there goes my sixtieth birthday..... What a splendid day it was. I wonder if tomorrow will be just as splendid....
More — I need more. I want to live my life like a fever. Dice, cards, roulette..... Only wealth can make me feel alive.
I’ve been invincible ever since I met his ghost in this casino room.... And even when I lose, I recover my riches in no time.
O great genius, you who have graced this casino room. Do keep me entertained with your love of the gamble — of numbers and chance!
I cannot enjoy life otherwise! I want to feel the ecstasy of life before I die! More! I need more....!

(Room goes dark)

Akira: .....Looks like no one’s here......

Chloe: Yeah.... I wonder what Lord Antonio was doing here all alone?

Shylock: ....This is.....

Rustica: What did you find, Shylock?

Shylock: The casino table was wet. But the moment I took a second look, it went completely dry. It’s as if something is hiding.

Rustica: I sense a fairy’s presence. The fear gorta hasn’t managed to fully conceal itself.
That might be why it’s possessing the unfortunate to act in its stead.

Akira: (A wet table and the presence of a fairy..... Wait, then is that why the homeless witch looked like she had been soaked in the rain....?)

That’s when a roulette begins to spin out of nowhere.
With a quiet clink, clink, clink.... We turn to the roulette table.
A furtive laugh reaches our ears.

Chloe: Wh-what’s going on....?

Shylock: Is the fear gorta playing tricks on us....? No, this is.... This is his..... ........!

A powerful gust saunters through the room.
It sweeps up the stack of cards that was resting on the table and scatters it all around the salon.
The king, the queen, the ace of hearts, dancing to and fro at the whims of the current.
Whisked into a whirlwind that envelops a human shadow.
The shadow offers its hand.
And the cards obediently settle into a single, neat deck in its palm.

Akira: ....You’re.....!?

???: Good evening, Sir Sage. Welcome to the midnight casino.

The mysterious wind disappears as a gentleman’s voice rings through the room.
The moonlight peering through the tall windows illuminates the mysterious shadow’s identity.
A brilliant and erudite gaze that sees through to your mind.....
A bold and arrogant smile befitting a gentleman.....
And cat-like eyes, identical to Murr’s.......

Akira: (Murr....? No! He’s a materialization of Murr’s soul shard....!)
(Right, Mister Antonio said he saw Murr’s ghost.... So he was talking about a soul shard!)

Murr’s shard stands before me, hat in hand, as he offers a gracious bow.

Murr: I am the Western wizard Murr. It’s an honor to meet you, Sir Sage.
And you, Shylock. And the other Western wizards too.

He flashes a cheeky grin. I’m overwhelmed by the exquisite air that surrounds him.


CHAPTER 9

Murr’s soul shard begins a neat, rhythmic strut, like a grandstanding magician.
He approaches the other Murr, grabs his chin, and tilts it upwards. He observes the face identical to his own.

Murr: Hello.

Murr: Hi!

Murr: How are we feeling?

Murr: I’m gonna bite you~!

Murr sinks his teeth into shard-Murr’s finger like a wild cat.
Murr’s shard doesn’t bat an eye. He lets Murr have his finger, and turns to Shylock.

Murr: You raised him to suit your taste, Shylock. He isn’t me; rather, he’s you. He takes the form of your desires.

Shylock furrows his brows. He shoots an icy glare at Murr’s soul.

Shylock: What a conceited misapprehension. The soul-shattered Murr causes me nothing but trouble.

Murr: I stand by my words. You want me to cause you trouble: I embody both your fear and your thrill.

Shard-Murr grabs Murr’s nose. When Murr opens his mouth to gasp for air, he removes his finger and stuffs Murr’s mouth with a stack of cards instead.

Murr: Chew on that for now. Sorry, but I can’t have you eating me just yet. There’s something I want to see through to the end.

Akira: Something you want to see through....?

Murr’s shard grins like a cat before turning to me and fanning out the cards in his hand.

Murr: I’m researching the psychological effects of obsessive gambling. This is the perfect spot for my observations, you see.
The fear gorta continues to funnel good fortune to Lord Antonio, who believes me to be the ghost and guardian of this casino room.

Akira: So the fear gorta is why the people of the salon are spinning out of control.

Murr: Indeed. Both excessive fortune and excessive misfortune will benumb the heart. The imbalance here is driving everyone to lunacy.

Akira: What can we do? We need Mister Antonio to return to his senses — otherwise we won’t be able to empty the palace in peace.
Oh... If Mister Antonio admires you, maybe he’ll listen to you. Could you try persuading him?

Murr: It’s certainly possible that he’ll listen to me. But I unfortunately cannot offer you my assistance.

Akira: But why....?

Murr: For it would mean the end of my research. I do apologize — my desires run deeper than the fear gorta’s.

Shylock: And my desires run deeper than yours.

We spin around to look at Shylock. Shard-Murr’s eyes go wide when he sees what’s in Shylock’s hands.
A shard of purple sapphire.... I’ve seen one like it before. It’s a piece of Murr’s soul.

Shylock: If I feed this to Murr, you’ll simply be incorporated back into his soul. And that will be the end of all this observation and research that you so adore.

Shylock’s voice rings with ice-cold resolve. Murr’s shard shakes his head, an acidic grin plastered on his lips.

Murr: Oh, Shylock. Resorting to threats? How uncharacteristically vulgar and rudimentary of you — a far cry from the tactical exchanges we used to hold so dear.

Shylock: Murr. Open your mouth.

Murr: A~h!

Murr: You can’t do it. Because what you fear is not losing me: it is my contempt.

Shylock discards his claim with a scoff.

Shylock: I am a Western wizard. I will savor fear, loss, and contempt all the same. Goodbye, Murr.

Shard-Murr’s eyes widen ever-so-slightly.
As Shylock begins to push the purple sapphire shard down Murr’s throat.....
I grab his wrist.
Both Shylock and shard-Murr freeze in surprise.

Akira: I.... I don’t want you to fight.

Shylock: ..........

Murr: ..........

Shylock lowers his hand, and Murr’s shard fixes his hat, a quiet smile lingering on his lips.

Murr: You’ve won my fancy, Sir Sage. So let me offer you a word of advice.
If you want to stop the fear gorta from running amok, you’ll need to restore the balance of fortune in this palace. Deliver misfortune to the fortunate and fortune to the misfortunate.
Good and bad luck ought to be equitably distributed across all living beings. Neither streaks of luck nor persistent adversity should continue for perpetuity.
I wish you the best of luck, Sir Sage.

And with that, Murr’s shard disappears.
Shylock tucks the shard of purple sapphire into my palm.

Shylock: I apologize that I could not be of help, Sir Sage.....

Akira: Not at all. You got Murr’s shard to give up some advice. So we need to re-establish the balance of fortune.....

I glance across the casino room and offer my proposal.

Akira: What if we defeat Mister Antonio in a gamble?

Murr: I like it! Let me take him on! I love gambling!

Shylock: Let’s leave it to Murr.

Rustica: How can we deliver good luck to the unfortunate?

Chloe: I.... I’m gonna try talking to her. The homeless witch.

Akira: Chloe......

Chloe: Because I was just like her..... I thought I was just a useless wizard who wasn’t allowed to think about my own happiness.
So I want her to know that’s not true. I want to teach her all the things I learned during my adventures with Rustica — and all the things I learned at the magic headquarters, too.

Akira: ...All right. Then let’s visit the salon one more time tomorrow.
Next time, we’ll enter through the front gates.


CHAPTER 10

A new day has begun.

Murr: Okay, let’s get started! Chloe, can you dress us in our festival clothes so we’re ready to carry out the ritual at any time?

Chloe: Sure! Here we go!
<< Suispicibo Voitengok >>!

Shino: Woah.... These outfits are pretty flashy.

Rustica: It suits you very well.

Faust: Well, we’re headed off to prepare the magic circles around the Heavenly Imperial Palace. We’re counting on you to empty the palace.

Shylock: Yes. Thank you for your assistance.

Heathcliff: Likewise, thank you.

Nero: Be on your guard, alright?

The Eastern wizards mount their brooms, ready to take off towards the outskirts of town. Shino turns to look at us before they depart.

Shino: Have fun, Western wizards.

The Western wizards look up.



Shino: You’re all about having a good time, right? Don’t let yourselves get boxed in by formalities — it doesn’t suit you. Have a blast, and do whatever pleases you, just as you always do.
Because that’s what I love about you.

Before I know it, the Eastern wizards and the Western wizards are all smiling.

Chloe: Yeah! We’ll go all-out, like we always do!

Murr: We’ll make a mess!

Shylock: With no rules in sight.

Rustica: And all the grace of an afternoon tea party. Thank you, Shino. When this is behind us, let’s all enjoy some tea together.

Murr: But first, we need to finish off this hexing festival! Let’s get this party started!

✦✧☾✧✦

Servant: Welcome, dear guests. Would you kindly show me your invitations?

Murr: Here!

Murr whips out a playing card, which transforms into an invitation before it reaches the servant’s fingertips.
The servant opens the invitation and smiles warmly. We enter the salon as easily as a summer breeze.
As we proceed through the room with light footsteps, the keen-eyed guards come running up to us.

Guard: You’re the wizards from yesterday....!

Shylock blows a cloud of smoke their way.
Enveloped in smoke, the guards return to their places, eyes glazed over as if lost in a hazy dream.
They are wizards.
Human rules do not concern them.
The band drums up a most delightful tune: it’s both chilling and exhilarating.
Like the opening act of a show. The enthralled young night twirls on its feet.

Chloe: ....There she is!

Rustica: We’ll take care of her. Murr, Shylock, we’re counting on you to win your gamble.

Shylock: Understood.

Murr: Sir Sage, come to the casino room with us!

We part ways and head towards the back of the salon.

✦✧☾✧✦

Homeless witch: A... all eyes on me. My fingertips will light up like a candle.

Chloe: Sorry, one sec!

Homeless witch: Woah....! Ah.... I didn’t recognize you because your outfits were so different. You’re the wizards from yesterday......

Rustica: Shh. It’s supposed to be a secret. Tell us about your happiness. Let’s make your dream come true, together.

Homeless witch: Huh....?

Chloe: Rustica, you need to give her more context! Um, in the long run, we’re doing this to save the world.
Your happiness will weaken the power of a certain fairy. If we can do that, this salon will return to normalcy, which allows us to perform a holy festival. And that’s going to placate all the terrible incidents happening all over the world.

Homeless witch: My happiness will save the world....? ....What a convenient fairy tale. I don’t believe it.....
And even if it were true, why would it be me......

Chloe: But why not?

Homeless witch: ....Because I’m a wizard..... But I can’t even use powerful magic. There are plenty of kinder people out there, and plenty of people in greater need......
Why should I be blessed by the mercy of the high heavens? That happiness must belong to someone more admirable; someone else would be more deserving......

Chloe: I used to feel the same way. I had no confidence in myself; I hated myself. All I did was apologize: "I’m sorry. I’m sorry."



Chloe: But Rustica was the one who taught me that I could stand proud and love myself. Because everyone has the right to attain happiness.
And instead of giving up your luck to others, you can make the world an even merrier place by grasping your own happiness and becoming stronger!

Homeless witch: ............
Really.....?


CHAPTER 11

Antonio: What!? You again!?

Murr: Hi Lord Antonio! I just realized we forgot to hand off your birthday present!

Antonio: Birthday present....?



Murr: Ta~da~!

Antonio: Oh....! This is impressive! I’ve never seen mana stones of such size. And diamonds and rubies too....
Well, I suppose I can forgive your discourtesy from last night.....

Murr: That’s not my actual present. Hey, play a game with me. If you win, I’ll give you something even nicer!

Shylock: But in the event you lose, Lord Antonio, you’ll let us use this Heavenly Imperial Palace to perform our ritual.

Murr: Doesn’t that sound like fun?

Antonio: .......Heheh.... All right. You’re going to regret this. I haven’t lost a game in ages.
But I have one condition! You must promise me, before the game begins, that you won’t cheat or use any magic.
Wizards lose their magic when they break promises, right? I can’t trust you lot otherwise.

Murr: Okay.

Shylock: Murr.

Murr: I promise, in the name of the Western wizard Murr: I will neither cheat nor use any magic.

Antonio: All right! Then I agree to your game.

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: Now please tell us what makes you happy.

Homeless witch: .....My happiness.....? I don’t know..... I feel like I used to know, once upon a time.....

Chloe: Maybe she’s having trouble remembering because of the fear gorta....?

Homeless witch: Um, if I can do everything I’m told to do, and nobody yells at me or hates me, and I’m useful to someone out there.....

Rustica: Hmm. Why don’t we try this? Close your eyes.

Homeless witch: Like.... Like this....?

Rustica: You’re standing in an airy, open field. A gentle wind blows, and there’s nobody else around you. Now what do you want to do?

Homeless witch: ...........

Rustica: When there’s nobody else around to hand off your fortune to, what kind of happiness will you grant yourself?

Homeless witch: ......A song.......
I want to sing a beautiful song with all my heart..... Not a lonely song, or a lullaby as consolation in my sadness, but.... But a song that makes me..... A song that makes me.....

Chloe: A song that makes you happy!

Homeless witch: I... I’m sorry..... That was really selfish. I’m embarrassed.......



Rustica: It’s not selfish in the least — it’s quite beautiful. Well then, I know what to do next. Let’s borrow a piano from the band.

Homeless witch: Huh.....?

Rustica: I play the harpsichord, you see. So I’m quite familiar with the piano as well. Of course, they’re not entirely the same, but.

Chloe: But you’ll put on a great show nonetheless, Rustica! Because as far as I know, you’re the greatest musician in the world!

Rustica: Thank you. And as far as I know, you’re the greatest tailor.

Chloe: Does that mean we’re the best?

Rustica: It means we’re the best! Can you prepare a lovely dress for the lady?

✦✧☾✧✦

Antonio: Bwahahaha! My win again! The jewels are mine, counterfeit Murr.

Murr: Hmmm.....

Shylock: The fear gorta’s influence has blessed him with some incredible luck.....

Murr: One more shot! This time, I’m betting my ring!

Akira: M-Murr, that’s your magical tool.....

Antonio: Bwahaha! It’s on! I’ll strip you of all your possessions!

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: << Suispicibo Voitengok >>!

Homeless witch: Woah.... This is such a fancy black dress......

Chloe: It looks so good on you! Now let’s do your makeup. I’ll make you super pretty! What kind of look are we going for?

Homeless witch: ......Um.....

Chloe: Don’t hold back! Do you wanna be a princess? A goddess? A warrior?

Homeless witch: .....A Western witch..... I want to be a wonderful witch of the West.

Rustica: You already are. You’ve been a wonderful witch of the West since the day you were born.
I wonder how Murr’s doing? Is he winning against Lord Antonio?

✦✧☾✧✦

Antonio: Bwahahahaha! Too bad! Your ring is now mine!

Murr: Dammit~......!

Akira: Th-this is bad.....

Shylock: I can’t believe you lost your magic tool too......

Antonio: Do you have nothing left to offer? If that’s all, get out of my sight!

Murr: Guh......

Shylock: ....I understand. I’ll place my shop on the table. It’s an old bar located in the Town of Nectar’s entertainment district.

Murr: Shylock!?

Antonio: Oh? The entertainment district in the Town of Nectar is a prime location. All right. I’ll demolish your bar and build my next villa there.

Akira: Are you sure about this, Shylock? Isn’t your bar really important to you....?

Shylock: I believe in Murr. ...I’m counting on you, Murr.

Murr: Yeah!


CHAPTER 12

Homeless witch: My nails are so pretty!

Chloe: Right? They look so good!

Rustica: How beautiful. You’re a newborn star, about to change the world with your fire and song.

Chloe: Let’s ask the band to set the stage for us! We’re all ready to go! The rest is up to you, Murr!

✦✧☾✧✦

Antonio: Heheheh.... Too bad; looks like I’m about to win again! The shop in the entertainment district is all mine.

Murr: Uugh.... It’s not over yet!

Akira: Oh no.... At this rate, we’re going to lose Shylock’s bar too.....

Shylock: ..........

That’s when.....
The purple sapphire shard in my pocket lights up.
And a gentleman’s voice rings through my head.

???: "Sir Sage. Feed Murr the soul shard."

Akira: (Is this.... Murr’s shard?)
.....But your research......

Shylock: Sir Sage? Who are you talking to?

Murr: "I’ll continue my research when my soul becomes whole."
"Shylock’s shop is a favorite of mine, you see. I can’t afford to lose it."
"Now put the shard in the glass and hand it to Murr."

With firm resolve, I take the glass in my hand.
That’s when the ornate melody of a piano resounds across the salon.
Along with the song of a brave and daring female vocalist, igniting flames of passion in its listeners’ hearts.

Noblewoman: My, what a lovely song....!

Noblewoman: Let us dance! We can’t just idly sit by for a song like this!
On such a fun night!

I drop the shard as the cymbals begin to ring, and hand the glass to Murr while listening to the beat of the drums.

Akira: Please drink it in one go.

Murr: This time I’ve got it for sure.....

Murr doesn’t take his eyes off the cards as he grabs the glass and finishes it off.
Bang! The dapper melody of the piano takes a dynamic turn and — clash! — the glass slips out of Murr’s hand.

Antonio: What? Are your hands trembling from fear?

Shylock: ......Murr?

Shylock hesitantly takes a look at Murr’s face — and gasps.
A brilliant and erudite gaze that sees through to your mind.....
A bold and arrogant smile befitting a gentleman.....
With a dashing snap of the fingers, Murr spreads the cards in his hand like a fan and grins.

Murr: —The game has only just begun.

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: Wow, wow! You’re both so cool....!

Noblewoman: Goodness, what a lovely song! It makes my heart beat faster than any gamble!

Noble: Take a break — you should enjoy the song with us.

Servant: M-may I.....?

Noble: Of course! We need to spread the fun around. Have a drink.

Servant: Th.... Thank you! Ah... When was the last time I felt so happy?

✦✧☾✧✦

Antonio: Dammit! I lost again....! How’d you start winning all of a sudden! You must be cheating!

Murr: Neither magic nor fraud have transpired. This is a game of psychological warfare: all it takes is a bit of memory and some statistical calculations. Gambling is never about luck.
It’s simple numbers and philosophy.

Murr collects Mister Antonio’s coins and jewels towards himself and proceeds to cross his legs.

Murr: Looks like I’ve gotten my ring and my jewels back. Do you still want to go on?

Antonio: .....Of course I do!

Murr: Then I’ll have you put the Heavenly Imperial Palace on the table.

Antonio: Th.... ...... .......Fine! But you’ll be betting your life!

Murr: I don’t mind. Your hands are shaking, Count.

✦✧☾✧✦

Shylock: ....Sir Sage. Don’t you think Murr is acting strange?

Shylock whispers in my ear. I whisper back.

Akira: I had him drink his soul shard. Murr’s shard requested it himself.

Shylock: But why....

Akira: He said he couldn’t afford to lose your shop, Shylock. He said it was his favorite.
A look of surprise crosses Shylock's face. His eyes wander the room, as if searching for a shadow that's no longer here, before his gaze settles at the floor.
After a moment, his lips curve into a delighted smile.

Shylock: Is that so? Then I suppose I must fulfill my role as well.
Now that we’ve almost restored the balance of fortune, it’s time to wipe the fear gorta’s presence from this salon.



Shylock brings his pipe to his lips and exhales a cloud of smoke.
The white fumes wander through the salon like lost souls weaving through the crowd.

Shylock: << Invibelle >>

When Shylock chants his spell, withering black shadows begin to peel themselves off of the backs of the guests enveloped by smoke.
The shadows hit the ground like droplets, forming a dark puddle as they soak through the luxurious mattress.
The puddle gradually disappears, drained away to who-knows-where.

Akira: (Was that the fear gorta....?)

I blink, and do a double take. It feels like the salon looks brighter than it was before.
And that’s when two voices echo across the room like a victorious fanfare.

Homeless witch: Ladies and gentlemen! Thank you for listening to my song.....!

Antonio: Aaargh, dammit....! It’s my loss....!

Mister Antonio grips his head in despair as the band dances along with the jubilant witch of the West, flames at her fingertips.

Rustica: The fear gorta’s presence is gone!

Chloe: Yay!

Shylock: Congratulations, Murr.

Murr turns around and gives us a big smile. It’s the Murr I know.

Murr: I won~! Feels awesome!!

I have to agree.

Akira: (Feels awesome!)


CHAPTER 13

We don’t ask Mister Antonio to give up the Heavenly Imperial Palace. Instead, we have him vacate it.
The Western and Eastern wizards gather in the empty salon to prepare for the holy festival that will revive the ancient temple.

Shylock: Then let’s begin. If anything happens, we’re counting on you.

Faust: Yes.

Shylock closes his eyes.

Shylock: << Invibelle >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: .....!

Light disappears from the world, and my stomach feels suddenly heavy.
I’m overwhelmed by an incredible shock that I’ve never felt before.
As if my body’s going to fall to pieces; as if it’s being stretched out; as if many tiny explosions are occurring.
I’m so scared that I feel like running away. But in the next moment, I feel weirdly happy; like someone’s tickling me, making me want to roll around on the ground laughing.
A presence that both thrills and excites me is approaching.

Akira: .....!

When I open my eyes, I’m at the temple.
A lonely temple, adorned only by the light of the moon and stars. Yet I hear music unlike anything I’ve heard before.
The music of the holy festival.
As the Western wizards chant their spells, their bodies begin to dimly glow.

Murr: << Eanul Rambul >>

Rustica: << Amorest Viesse >>

Chloe: << Suispicibo Voitengok >>

Shylock: << Invibelle >>

Before I know it, the Eastern wizards have arrived as well. They cast their spells, supporting the Western wizards.

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >>



Heathcliff: << Repsevaivulp Sonus >>

Nero: << Adnodus Omnis >>

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed >>

Then, the ancient temple begins to shine more brightly than the stars.
A giant pillar of light emerges from the center of the temple.
The dim light surrounding the wizards begins to shine, and is sucked into the pillar like shooting stars.
My vision grows white from the shimmering brightness....

✦✧ ☾✧✦

When I return to my senses, we’re back in the palace

Akira: ....We’re back....

Chloe: Ah.... Did we pull it off...?

Murr: We sure did! The original spirits have been re-ensconced to the Western ancient temple!

Rustica: I’m glad we all made it back. Hopefully this will placate some of the bizarre incidents cropping up across the world.

Shylock: I’m certain it will. Little by little, this chaotic world will come to know peace again. Thank you for all your assistance, Sir Sage. The Eastern wizards too.

Shino: I wish I got to do more.

Heathcliff: Save it for when we revive the ancient temple in the East. I’ll be counting on you, okay?

Faust: You mean you’re asking me to work again.... Fine. But since we’re here, we should enjoy some delicious Western wine before heading back.

Nero: Haha. After you talked all that crap about Western Country? But I’m down. The wine here is so good.

Shylock: I can introduce you to a nice place.

Murr: My treat! I made a fortune today!

Chloe: You’re right! This is so much gold!

Murr: Lord Antonio said he remembers you now, Rustica. He’s going to quit gambling for a while and soothe his heart with some nice music.

Rustica: That sounds like a wonderful idea. The salon band was lovely — I’m sure she’ll continue singing there too.

Shylock: Then shall we head off to celebrate the success of our holy festival?

Akira: Yes!

✦✧☾✧✦

And thus we revive the ancient Western temple, and the holy festival comes to a close.
There are still four ancient temples we need to revive.
But for now, I’m going to celebrate the success of our grand mission with my whole heart.
Alongside my wizards.
