CHAPTER 1

Akira: The moon is as huge as ever...... It looks remarkably bright today.

Arthur: You’re right. I hope you’re not too cold, Sir Sage.

Akira: I’m all right. Arthur, thank you for tonight.
You must be busy with your duties as the prince of Central Country, and yet you’re taking me back to the magic headquarters on your broom......

Arthur: Not at all. This is a good break for me too.
I should be the one saying thank you, after summoning you to the castle to discuss the ceremony for the five countries’ peace conference.
The influence of the < Great Catastrophe > has been causing mysterious incidents around the world. The people too, live each day in uncertainty.....
This is the time for us to set aside national borders and differences between wizards and humans in order to work together and face the < Great Catastrophe >.
Thanks to you, I have a feeling the ceremony will be a wonderful opportunity to unite everyone’s hearts.

Akira: I’m happy to be of help! I’m looking forward to the ceremony.

Arthur: Yes. ......But I’m concerned about the unsettling incidents happening across the land.
I received a report from Cain today about a witch who trespassed into Granvelle Castle......

Akira: A witch......

Arthur: Sir Oz and Riquet were there to help successfully capture the witch, so there is no need for you to worry. Still......
Once I return to the castle, I’ll have to confirm the investigation reports and make extensive arrangements to ensure no harm will befall the guests.....

Akira: Don’t forget to rest. I know that you live up to the title of the Central prince by being so serious and hardworking, Arthur.
But that’s why I’m worried that you’re pushing yourself too hard.

Arthur: I appreciate your concern, Sir Sage. But even though I am the prince of Central Country, I’ve been raised in the North, so......

Akira: So......?

Arthur: I cut loose occasionally. Sir Sage, make sure you’re hanging on tight.

Akira: ......Woah......!

(Woosh)

Arthur: What an exhilarating sight! Look, Sir Sage!
Don’t the street lights look like starlit skies when you’re this high up in the air?

Akira: ......They do...... Like the night skyline when you look out from an airplane......

Arthur: What’s an airplane?

Akira: Um...... A vehicle from my world! It’s shaped like a huge bird......

Arthur: A huge bird-shaped vehicle! How exciting! What kind of sounds does it make?

Akira: Um, uh...... Woosh, I guess?

Arthur: Well then, allow me to be your airplane for tonight.
Woosh!

Akira: (That’s kind of really cute......)

On a night when the wind was strong, and the cats were on edge — I arrived in this magical world where a huge moon hangs in the sky.
Here, the moon is called the < Great Catastrophe > and it brings disaster to this world.
And I’ve been summoned as the Sage who guides the wizards in their fight against the < Great Catastrophe >.
In order to save this world.

However......
The most famous philosopher here, Murr, whose soul was shattered into pieces by the moon...
This is what he told me.

Murr: Truth be told, I don’t care about the world at all. Acts of charity are a pain, after all. But.....
I want you to discover the truth about this world.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: Thanks for sending me back. Make sure you get back safely too, Arthur.

Arthur: Yes. Good night, Sir Sage. Sweet dreams.

Akira: Good night.

(Door closing)

Akira: (I’m looking forward to the ceremony. They said portraits of the wizards will be on display at the castle, too.)
(We’ll have festive cuisine from each country, and heaps of guests arriving from all over.)
(Even though there are many who still fear and misunderstand the wizards.....)
(It would be nice if the ceremony and the wizards’ portraits could help people love and accept them.....)

✦✧☾✧✦

(Knocking)

Cain: Akira, are you awake?

Akira: Yawn...... I just woke up. Please wait a moment.

Cain: Oops, sorry for waking you up. Did you have any interesting dreams?

Akira: It feels like I did, but I can’t quite say...... Ahaha. I’ve forgotten.

Cain: I get that feeling. You forget your dreams the moment you wake up.

Nero: Mister Sage, good morning.

Akira: Nero. Good morning. Did you come to call me down to breakfast?

Nero: I did, but there’s also something I want to report to you. How would you like your eggs?

Akira: Sunny side-up!

Nero: Got it. Ah...... Hey, Murr!

(Door opening)

Murr: Good morning, Sir Sage!

Akira: Woah......! Good morning, Murr. Thank goodness I managed to finish changing......

Cain: Your manners are terrible. You have to wait for the door to open.

Murr: But the time you spend waiting for a door to open is just so boring! I like it when you open the door too early! How about you, Nero? Do you like it? Or do you hate it?

Nero: Leave me out of such tricky questions this early in the morning. Well then, Mister Sage. Breakfast is waiting for you in the dining hall.

Akira: Let’s go together. Huh? Cain, are you hurt?

Cain: Yeah. I’ll get Figaro to treat it for me later. Where are the Southern wizards?

Nero: They came back from the Marsh of Epidemics late last night. Figaro was looking around for Oz. As for the Northern wizards......

Murr: They aren’t back yet!

Akira: How surprising. You mean they didn’t return by yesterday, even though they had Mithra to like, arthim, things for them?

Cain: You mean his magic for traveling through space. I wonder if something happened......?

Nero: They’re not such a weak bunch.

Murr: Maybe they’re plotting something?

Akira: Plotting...... Sounds like it might be better to check on the situation before heading down to breakfast.

Nero: Don’t worry about them. You should take your time and enjoy the food. It’s important to start the day in a fine mood.

Cain: I agree! I’ll make some coffee and savour that. Yesterday was such a commotion......

Nero: Same for us.

Akira: It sounds like a lot happened...... Let me wash my face to wake up properly.

Murr: We’re splishing and splashing, while they’re running about! Tralala!

Cain: Ahaha! This makes me feel like dancing.

Nero: ......Mister Knight. Can you not grab my hand and spin me around?

Cain: Tralala!

✦✧☾✧✦

Figaro: Good morning, Riquet. Is Oz around?

Riquet: He is. I’m just showing him this water honeybee hive that I got from Mitile.

Mitile: Dr. Figaro! Ehehe. Riquet was delighted with it!

Figaro: Ah, so you’re here too. That’s great, Mitile.

Mitile: Sir Oz also said, well, I guess it's incredible.

Riquet: Sheesh, Oz. You could’ve said something more thoughtful instead of mumbling through your praises......

Oz: ............

Figaro: You can’t find water honeybees in Northern Country. Oz probably has no idea what kinds of beehives would count as incredible.
Oz. On a scale of wizards, this beehive is practically Bradley-level.

Oz: I see.
Good job finding it, Mitile.

Mitile: Ehehe...... Yes!

Oz: Good on you for receiving it too, Riquet.

Riquet: ............? Yes!

Figaro: I have something to tell Oz. Can you leave us alone for a while?

Mitile: Got it! Let’s go, Ri—.....

Oz: No.

Figaro: Don’t say "no" me.

Oz: You are here to lecture me. I know that face.

Figaro: Bingo. You don’t want me doing that in front of the kids, right? I’m being considerate here, Oz.

Mitile: Um, so what should we do......?

Riquet: Are these matters that I’m not allowed to listen to? Do they concern stories of depravity and disgrace?

Oz: ............
<< Vox Nox >>


CHAPTER 2

Oz: << Vox Nox >>

Riquet: ......Yaawn...... How strange...... I’m suddenly so sleepy......

Mitile: I can’t stay awake...... Zz...... Zz......

Oz: State your concern.

Figaro: How horrible...... It’s really time you do something about your habit of using magic to solve whatever problem you run into.

Oz: What do you want?

Figaro: You transformed into a beautiful young girl who looks like Riquet, and completely wrecked the Marsh of Epidemics in Southern Country, didn’t you?
You really messed up the whole ecosystem there. Well, it’s not like I haven’t made my own tweaks. I chased out those poisonous birds, didn’t I?
But after that I left things to nature and just watched over their natural progression. Yet you ruined all of that in an instant......

Oz: A beautiful young girl......?

Figaro: That’s what you're asking? I guess you were pretty cute. You had green eyes like Riquet.
But I could sense your presence. There’s no way I would be mistaken. How about you stop feigning innocence and tell me what’s going on?

Oz: ............
A beautiful young girl who looks like Riquet?

Figaro: Forget that point! Did you base her on someone else? What did you want me to say she looked like?

Oz: I do not know.

Figaro: That really wasn’t you? Then you’re being used as a medium. Was anything taken from you?

Oz: From me? As if I would ever hand over a sliver of fingernail or a strand of my hair, let alone a single drop of blood.

Figaro: Maybe you carelessly forget to clean up? Like a couple of clipped nails, or spilled blood.
A medium created with any part of your body can be used to cast very powerful magic.

Oz: I would not do something so thoughtless.

Figaro: I wouldn’t be so sure about that. That time Arthur fell into the Ravages of Oz, you flew to the South completely covered in blood.

Oz: A rock fell on me as I was about to pick him up.

Figaro: Did it hit your head with a "thump"?

Oz: Yes.

Figaro: Ahaha.

Oz: Do not laugh.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: So witches commanding huge, vicious beasts appeared at both the Observatory in the West and at the City of Rain in the East.

Murr: Maybe it wasn’t a witch?

Nero: Not a witch? You mean a wizard transformed himself into one instead? The one I met was a girl of about 14 or 15 with greyish blue eyes.

Cain: And the one I met was a young girl about the same age as Prince Arthur.
She didn’t have a beast with her. Her name was Aureolin.

Nero: I asked for a name too. If I recall, her name was Cyan. What’s about the girl at the observatory?

Murr: I have no idea~! She had red hair and laughed really heartily, like, ohoho! She had a sturdy-looking fish!

Cain: I’m curious about the South. —Ah. Rutile!

Rutile: Ye~s!

Akira: Wow...... That’s a lovely cloth that you’re carrying, Rutile. What will you use it for?

Rutile: It’s for a table runner. Miss Canary chose it specially for the ceremony.
This is the table cloth, by the way. They create a lavish, yet elegant, cozy and wonderful touch when you place them together.

Nero: Canary sure has good taste. The placemats for tea sets and dishware in the magic headquarters are really classy.

Rutile: Right! I was just on my way to help Miss Canary now.
Seems like she’s trying to learn everything from the traditional patterns of each country to their favoured plants in order to prepare for the dinner.
I’ve learned a lot too...... Ah, this won’t do. I’m just going on about my own matters. Did you call me over for something?

Akira: Oh, right. Can we ask what happened at the Marsh of Epidemics?

Rutile: Are you asking about the monster? Or the water beehive?

Murr: The honey from the water honeybees is delicious!

Cain: Did you find one of their beehives? In the past, I found one that was this big.....

Akira: I’m curious about the beehive too, but let’s focus on the beast for now...... Um, was there someone with the beast?

Rutile: There was! A girl even younger than Mitile. I wonder if she was a witch?

Nero: Did she say anything?

Rutile: According to Mitile, she said that it was dangerous because she was in the middle of an experiment. And a giant beast appeared after that.

Cain: Experiment......

Nero: Experiment......? What is going on......?

Murr: Then it means the Observatory and the City of Rain were both experiments too!

Akira: What do you mean......?

Murr: We could also call it training. Girls who can command beasts!
If they had been able to control those beasts as skillfully as the knight Cain rode his horse, the Observatory would have been destroyed!
Boom! Crash! In one go!

Nero: You sure sound happy about the destruction of a beloved building......

Cain: I see. In other words, the experiments were like cavalry training.

Akira: They were training to ride resurrected legendary beasts.......Is that what’s happening?

Rutile: But why would they......? To become friends with the legendary beasts......?

Murr: Rutile, you’re so kind! People like that wouldn’t call it an experiment!
They mean to control and command them: a fearsome and terrible power.

Akira: ............

Nero: That gives me the chills...... Those creatures aren’t easy to command in the first place.
They’re prideful magical beasts, with strength equal to wizards like Oz or Mithra.

Rutile: Mister Mithra...... If the person who tried to destroy the Observatory and the City of Rain managed to control Sir Oz or Mister Mithra......

Everyone: ............

Cain: That’d be bad.

Nero: Extremely bad.

Murr: It makes me tremble with excitement!

Cock Robin: Sir Sage! There’s something I’d like to ask you about the ceremony for the five countries’ peace conference!

Akira: ............

Cock Robin: Sir Sage?

Akira: ......The peace conference...... If those beasts attacked the ceremony the way they did the City of Rain......

Rutile: ......There’d be countless victims......

Cain: Not just that — there’d be war.
Should anything happen to foreign dignitaries in Central Country, it’d turn into a question of responsibility.

Murr: Western Country’s been on the edge of their seats waiting for war to break out because of Central Country!

Nero: And when it comes down to it, Eastern Country will have no choice but to take a stance. Be it with Central, or with the West.
And when the Eastern troops are deployed, the famous Blanchett military family will march. I really don’t want to force the kids into making such hard decisions.

Cain: Prince Arthur will be devastated if he has to fight against Heath and Shino. Blanchett Castle is impregnable after all......

Cock Robin: Um...... This all sounds very unsettling, but is everything all right?

Cain: Yeah. We’ll make sure it is.
Sorry, but I’m returning to the castle. Akira, please ask someone to be your bodyguard for the time being.

Akira: Huh?

Cain: You’re the most important person in this world. I apologize for not being able to stay by your side and protect you, but there are dependable wizards here.
What about Lennox?

Rutile: Mister Leno? He’s behind you.

Cain: Oh...... Lennox! I have a request. But first, can you touch my hand?

(High five)

Lennox: What is it?

Cain: I’m counting on you to be the Sage’s bodyguard. Until this string of unsettling incidents is resolved.

Lennox: Got it. Sir Sage, if you’ll have me.

Akira: I-I’ll be in your care.

Rutile: Mister Cock Robin. Will Miss Canary be present in the discussion with the Sage?

Cock Robin: Yes. She’ll be joining for the final run-down.

Rutile: Then I will come along too. Sir Sage, Mister Leno. Let’s go.


CHAPTER 3

Figaro: That’s why, Oz. You......

Faust: Figaro.

Figaro: Hey, Faust. What’s that piece of paper?

Faust: ......What happened to the children? It’s unnatural for Riquet and Mitile to be taking an afternoon nap here.

Oz: Why?

Faust: If it were Rutile or Nero, this would be a perfectly normal and charming sight, but seeing as it’s you and Figaro......

Figaro: I’m just a kind doctor from the South, and Oz is a wizard who has experience raising children. I’d say that’s perfectly charming.

Faust: I’m trusting you. Don’t go casting weird spells on the children.

Oz: What’s that piece of paper?

Faust: It’s a sketch. Have you ever seen this bird? And do you recall its name......

Figaro: Did you draw this? Huh, it’s pretty good. Here, take a look, Oz.

Oz: ......A Basilisk.

Faust: I knew it!

Figaro: It’s an ancient, magical beast. I’ve only seen a living Basilisk once.

Faust: I met this beast in the City of Rain. But I couldn’t kill it, and it got away.

Figaro: In the City of Rain? Even if it got resurrected because of the < Great Catastrophe >, it’s strange that it would appear amidst humans......

Faust: On top of that, it was being controlled. By a young girl.

Figaro: ......The same thing happened with us. I met a little girl controlling a Leviathan. It’s the beautiful young girl I was talking about, who looked like Riquet.

Oz: It wasn’t me.

Faust: I know that even without you stressing the point. I wouldn’t mistake you for a young girl.

Oz: ............

Figaro: What’s with that face? If you’re displeased, just say it.

Oz: It’s nothing.

Faust: A Basilisk, and a Leviathan...... Legendary beasts resurrecting at the same time — and what’s more, they’re being controlled.
Could this all be linked by an underlying reason instead of simply being coincidental?

Shylock: It most likely is.

Faust: Shylock......

Shylock: We also caught sight of a Leviathan at the Observatory in Western Country, as well as the witch controlling it.

Figaro: Witch?

Shylock: Yes.

Figaro: ......Did that witch say anything?

Shylock: She said she would take revenge for her mother.

Oz: On whom?

Shylock: On Mister Murr Hart.

Oz & Faust & Figaro: ............

Shylock: I know what you want to say. But please bear with me for a while.
For people who hold grudges against Murr, their methods are too crude and exaggerated.

Faust: Crude and exaggerated?

Shylock: These acts of aggression against him are too ambiguous. They seem to be haphazardly putting on extravagant shows of destruction in scattered locations around the world.

Figaro: What would you do then?

Shylock: At the very least, I would not be satisfied by simply tilting the Observatory to one side. I would reduce it to nothing more than smithereens.
And then I would probably search out every last one of Murr’s hidden research laboratories around the world and turn them all into ashes.

Faust: I see.

Figaro: Your sentiments are extremely convincing.

Shylock: It feels like they have another goal in mind. Though I do not know what it is......

Oz: .....The Beast of the Land.

Figaro: Huh?

Oz: Basilisk, Beast of the Air. Leviathan, Beast of the Sea. But there is no Beast of the Land.

Faust: If it was the < Great Catastrophe > which resurrected the beasts, I don’t suppose they get to choose if they’ll show up.

Figaro: Or it means that there is one yet to appear......

Shylock: Now that you mention it, we found a fairy on our mission the other day — the fairy’s physical form had been brought back to life, but its heart remained asleep.
In the end, it lost its form once again and was carried away by the wind......

Figaro: Well, that kind of thing happens too.

Shylock: What kinds of methods must you employ to selectively awaken beings like that?

Figaro: There are many methods, but one way to shock their system with a light poison. There’s no guarantee it’ll work, though.

Faust: Poison? For instance?

Figaro: The fumes from the Forest of Dreams, for one.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: Sorry, Lennox. You’ve been tasked with such a troublesome favour.

Lennox: I’m used to it. Please tell me all your plans. If possible, for the entire month ahead.
I’ll survey all of the places that you plan to visit.

Rutile: Mister Leno, you’re so cool.

Akira: W.....What if I randomly feel like going somewhere?

Lennox: I’d like you to refrain if possible, but if you do, I’ll protect you with my life.

Akira: It’s okay, I’ll hold back!
Ah.... It’s the Northern wizards. Welcome back. How did it go?

Mithra: There’s nothing to report.

Owen: It was fine.

Bradley: The Forest of Dreams was just acting strange. Well, it’ll probably be fine if you give it some time.

Akira: Acting strange...... Snow. Are you hurt?

Snow: I’m all right. You don’t have to worry.

Akira: Um...... On your mission to the Forest of Dreams, did you meet a witch with the power to control beasts?

Northern wizards: ............

Mithra: Who knows.

Owen: No idea.

Bradley: Don’t remember. What are you asking for?

Akira: There are mysterious incidents happening around the world. The Marsh of Epidemics dried up, the Observatory got tilted on its side, and the City of Rain is wrapped up in a cocoon......

Bradley: The City of Rain is wrapped up in a cocoon? What about the Eastern wizards?

Akira: They’re safe. But a witch controlling a magical beast appeared at all of those locations.

Mithra: She wasn’t controlling any beast, though.

Owen: Shh. Don’t run your mouth.

Akira: Huh?

Bradley: By the way, did the other guys catch any of these witches?

Akira: Yes. I don’t know if she’s with the rest of them, but Oz caught a witch in Central Country.

Mithra & Owen & Bradley: ............

Mithra: I suddenly need to go back to the Forest of Dreams. Let’s go.

Bradley: Huh!? But we just got back here!?

Mithra: There’s no way Oz did something that I couldn’t. Snow, you’re coming along.

White: Mithra dear, Snow is hurt.......

Snow: C-cough.

Mithra: You don’t cough when you’re hurt. Quit faking illness.

Rutile: Mister Mithra, are you heading out again? You seem really busy......

Owen: I’m not going with you. Bye.

Akira: Ah, Owen!

Owen: What?

Akira: There’s something clinging to your trouser cuffs. Those thorns look painful......

Owen: ............

Akira: Don’t move, I’ll get it for you. ......Okay! I’m done.

Owen: ............

(Footsteps)

White: Come now, Owen dear! Let’s go after you say thank you.

Akira: Don’t worry about it. Snow, take my arm. Let’s have Figaro look at you.

Snow: Okay. Cough, cough......

Mithra: What’s that cloth? Do you wrap it around your stomach?

Rutile: N-no! Please give it back, Mister Mithra!

Bradley: I’m hungry. Is breakfast all gone?

Akira: (Owen...... He was acting kind of strange......? I hope he’s okay......)

✦✧☾✧✦

Cain: Can I reach Arthur before his meeting if I go now?
I’d like to head straight for his room from the sky, but I’d definitely get told off. Oh well, I’ll think about that later.
All right.

(Door opening)

Owen: ............

Cain: Woah! Owen, I didn’t realize you were there. I almost hit you with the door.

Owen: ............
......Sir Knight......


CHAPTER 4

Owen: ......Sir Knight......

Cain: ............ Ah......... Uh....... Your bizarre injury from the < Great Catastrophe >......
(I still can’t get used to this...... The demonic man who gouged out my eye......)
(He’s like an innocent child now.)
......What’s wrong, Owen?

Owen: Let me into your room, Sir Knight.

Cain: Sorry. I have to go out.

Owen: ......Where are you going?

Cain: Granvelle Castle. Did something scary happen? Did someone threaten you?

Owen: ............

Cain: You can stay in my room if you want to. But don’t touch the swords. You’ll get hurt.

Owen: ......Okay......

Cain: Okay then, see you.

(Door closing)

Owen: ......Please stay.

Cain: Huh?

Owen: Don’t go! Don’t lock me up......!

Cain: "Don’t lock me up".....?
It’s all right. I wouldn’t do that. There’s nothing stopping you from opening the door. See?

Owen: ......Don’t go......

Cain: I have to go.

Owen: ............

Cain: Look, try it. Go on and grab the knob. Try twisting and turning it. You can move it freely.
See? There’s nothing to be afraid of. You can go out and come back here anytime you want.

Owen: ............ Okay............

Cain: Have you calmed down? Good boy. Well then, I’ll be going now.

Owen: ......See you later......

(Door closes)

Owen: .........
...Uu............
......I have to be a good boy....... Come back soon...... Sir Knight.........
......I don’t want to be all alone......

✦✧☾✧✦

Cock Robin: And that concludes the itinerary for the peace conference opening ceremony.

Akira: Thank you, Cock Robin. And you too, Lennox, for helping out.

Lennox: Not at all.

Canary: I’m looking forward to it! I hope everyone enjoys themselves.

Rutile: I’m sure they will! These are all wonderful — from the table runner and napkins to the napkin rings.

Mithra: What’s a napkin ring?

Rutile: Here you go.

Lennox: Oh, Mithra. You tagged along with Rutile.

Mithra: I was bored, so. This is just a big ring. But it’s too small for my wrist.

Rutile: Miss Canary picked it out.

Mithra: Huh. I like it.

Canary: That makes me happy...... I was worried about someone like me being in charge of the preparations, but......

Cock Robin: You’re the perfect person for the job! You’re providing hospitality to wizards and humans who come to the magic headquarters from all over the world.
I know very well that you love the cultures of the five countries more than anyone else. You’ve been a tremendous help to all of us.

Canary: Fufu, you’re being way too nice.

Cock Robin: That is my job as your husband.

Akira: (They’re still the same old lovey-dovey newlyweds......)

Canary: It’s all thanks to Sir Sage.
I was able to match the tableware to each festive dish only because you helped us to decide on the menu beforehand, Sir Sage.

Akira: Not at all...... All I did was ask everyone for their opinions.

(Flashback)

Akira: So, please tell me which celebratory dishes from your hometowns you’d like to eat at the dinner.

Murr: Okay! Paella!

Rutile: I think Rolito de Polo would be good!

Cain: If we’re talking about Central Country, then it’s got to be lobster?

Mithra: Mana stones.

Owen: Mana stones sound good.

Bradley: Let’s go with mana stones.

Akira: Um, please come up with something that humans can eat too!

Snow & White: Kirken Meteor!

(End flashback)

Cock Robin: It’s also thanks to you that we could decide on the theme for the portraits so easily, Sir Sage!

Canary: The paintings of the wizards on their brooms and "tarot cards," right?
I’ve heard that all twenty-two paintings go in a certain order, but how did you manage to remember it?

Akira: Oh no, I couldn’t remember at all, so I guess you could say that my mind was hooked up to an external source to forcefully extract my memories......

(Flashback)

Akira: The Hanged Man, Death, and what else...... I think I almost have it......

Painter: Try harder, Sir Sage!

Akira: Um....... Uh, well......

Mithra: What a pain. I’ll extract your memories with magic.

Akira: Argh......!

Figaro: Hey, hey, hey! Don’t just grab Sir Sage’s head! Mithra, you’re not very good at memory-related magic, right?

Mithra: Well.

Figaro: I’ll do it since I’m good at it. If there’s anything else you’d like me to erase from your past, I’ll get it for you while I’m in there; what do you say?

Akira: S-something I’d like erased from my past...... I feel like there might be something, or there might not be....... Maybe there is......

Painter: You got this, Sir Sage!

(End flashback)

Akira: ......Anyway, I was glad to help. I hope the ceremony is a success.

Cock Robin & Canary: Yes!

Canary: Ah, I’m so nervous...... My heart’s beating so fast, but I’m really looking forward to it!

Mithra: You’re just placing this thing underneath the food, right? I don’t think anyone is going to be looking at it.

Canary: ............

Cock Robin: M-Mister Mithra.

Mithra: It’s true. I barely remember the food I eat, let alone the thing that’s placed underneath it.

Rutile: Even if you don’t remember the colours of beautiful flowers blooming in the meadow, you still feel a sense of calm and peace, don’t you?
That’s the effect of Miss Canary’s work.

Canary: Mister Rutile......

Rutile: It’s meant to serve as hospitality, Mister Mithra. That’s why it’s a shame for you to say that when something has been specially prepared for you.

Mithra: Is that so?

Rutile: Yes. Let’s enjoy yourselves. We can still retain our child-like exuberance and express gratitude for anything that comes our way.
Miss Canary, I can’t wait for the dinner!

Canary: Yes! I’ll give it my all!

Cock Robin: ......Whew, that was so close....... I thought I was going to have to fight Mister Mithra......

Rutile: Oh my! You’re so cool, Mister Cock Robin!

Mithra: Huh? I’m way cooler, though.

Canary: Fufu, you don’t have to push yourself. But you’re really wonderful.

✦✧☾✧✦

Shino: Cock Robin and the others came to discuss ceremony plans.

Heathcliff: It’s happening soon, after all. I’m sure Eastern Country will be dispatching their high-ranked officials.
...I wonder how the Town of Rain is doing. The avian beast is gone, but it’ll take some time for them to repair the buildings and roads.
What if a giant beast like that appears again in another city....

Shino: Then I’ll hunt it down and reap the fame. You should use my accomplishment to move up in ranks, Heath.

Heathcliff: ....I don’t need that kind of success. So long as everyone is safe....

Shino: But I want to see you in your moment of glory. The ambassadors from the East and every other country will be mesmerized at the sight of you.
Nothing could make me prouder as your vassal. I’m looking forward to seeing your ceremonial outfit and your portrait.

Heathcliff: ........

Shino: Oh... Looks like I forgot something. Faust’s gonna yell at me, so I’m heading back to my room to pick it up.

Heathcliff: Got it. I’ll head to practice first.

Shino: Yeah.

Heathcliff: ....I’m not as worthy as you think I am, Shino.

Faust: I see you two are at it again.


CHAPTER 5

Heathcliff: ....Mr. Faust. Did you hear all that....?

Faust: We use magic with our hearts. You are Shino’s master; you are the existence that sways Shino’s heart.
If you cannot accept Shino’s devotion, then you must express it clearly.

Heathcliff: ........

Faust: Because you will be the one who throws Shino’s magic off course when it matters the most. The more loyal the vassal, the more likely they are to follow their master’s will.
I know it’s hard. But you need to decide where your heart lies soon.

Heathcliff: ....What about you, Mr. Faust?

Faust: Me?

Heathcliff: I hear that Lennox was once your servant, Mr. Faust. Are you two still....

Faust: The past is long gone. A curseworker doesn’t need underlings. He has nothing to do with me now.

Heathcliff: ......

Faust: ....This may sound cold, but if you continue with such a half-hearted attitude, his life is at your mercy.
If you cannot take full responsibility for how Shino expends his life, then you must return his life to him.

Heathcliff: ....Even if it means making him mad? Even if he comes to hate me, and we fight and part ways?

Faust: ....That’s right.

Heathcliff: .......

Faust: He will understand one day.

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: It seems like everyone has a lot on their plate. I wanted to make new outfits to wear for the ceremony, but I didn’t feel like I could say that......

Rustica: I’m sure there’ll be chances in the future. Besides, I’m delighted we can wear the formal outfits you made for us once more, Chloe.

Chloe: Ehehe. I’m happy to hear that!

(Knock)

Chloe: Ah, it’s a guest.

Rustica: Let me get it.

(Door opening)

Snow: Chloe.

White: Chloe darling.

Rustica: Well, well, welcome and good day. Sir Snow, Sir White.

Chloe: Welcome! Snow, I heard you were hurt. Are you all right......?

Snow: I’m fine, but Mother......

Chloe: By Mother, do you mean the doll, your magic object? Could I take a look?

Rustica: Oh dear...... The hem of her dress is all torn up

White: Mother is aggrieved at her torn clothes. Chloe darling, could you make her some clothes?

Snow: If possible, I’d like to ask you to make matching attire for Father as well.

Chloe: Would you let me!? Of course I’d be delighted! How incredibly exciting!

Snow & White: Ya~y!

Snow: Thank you, Chloe.

Rustica: I’m looking forward to seeing what you make too. Isn’t it wonderful that you get to present new designs, Chloe?

Chloe: Yep! I wonder what kind of design would suit them! .....Oh, right!
Hey, Rustica. I’d like to go to the Central marketplace to conjure up a design!
I might get hit with inspiration by perusing the wonderful materials lined up in the shops and looking at what kinds of clothes the people are wearing!

Rustica: What a good idea. I’ll come along.

Chloe: Yay, thank you! Snow, White, I’ll do my best, so please look forward to it!

Snow & White: We will!

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: ............
(Cyan...... I don’t want to think of her as one of the bad guys causing all that uproar, but......)
(Why does it even bother me so much? It’s all because I went and mentioned the umbrella of luck....)
(......The ring of luck...... I’m just repeating his words......)
(Brad’s......)

(Flashback)

Nero: ......Hah...... Hah...... I can’t go on anymore......
Please leave me behind...... I can’t drag you down with me......

Bradley: Cut out the nonsense, you tiny rookie. Here, this is the ring you picked up. You found something good.
This is the ring of luck. It’s the sun to those who hide in the shadows.
It’ll protect you no matter what. The ring won’t let its owner die.

Nero: ...... The ring of luck......

Bradley: That’s right.

Nero: Haha...... I’m glad...... If that’s so......
I’m giving it to you, Boss......

Bradley: ............

Nero: Please...... Make it back alive......

Bradley: You idiot. I don’t need anyone turning over their luck to me.

Nero: ............

Bradley: If you’re so set on putting that ring on my finger, then you better make it back alive, get down on your knee, and offer it to me.
A guy without any desire won’t cut it as a bandit. Live more greedily, and hold on tight to that life of yours. No matter who tries to pin the blame on you, I’ll forgive you.
Tell me that you don’t want to die. If not, tell me that you don’t want me to die.

Nero: ............ I don’t want you to die......

Bradley: Ahahahah! Well, we have to make it back alive then! Every time you find yourself in a life-or-death situation, I’m expecting you to come back and put that ring on me!

(End flashback)

Nero: ............

Bradley: Hey, that sure looks good.

Nero: Brad. Who the hell let you......
............
Don’t just stand there eating, take a seat and eat properly. I’ll serve it on a plate for you. You just came back from a mission, didn’t you?

Bradley: You’re being nice. Did something happen?

Nero: I’m being perfectly normal?

Bradley: Then I’ll take my time and enjoy it. Here goes.... Thank you for the food.

Nero: ............

Bradley: This is great! Meat really tastes especially good when you get to sit down and eat!

Nero: Haha. There shouldn't be any difference to the taste though.

Bradley: ......Chomp chomp......

Nero: ............ Hey...... Do you still remember?

Bradley: Huh?

Nero: That thing you used to wear all the time. The ring of luck......

Bradley: Fuck?

Nero: No, that’s not it. I’m talking about....
...........You know, the ring of luck......

Bradley: What’s fucking?

Nero: That’s not what I said..... You know, the.......
..........Luck........

Bradley: Fuck?

Nero: Shut up! Just forget it! You can keep fucking up all on your own then, you idiot!!

Bradley: What are you so mad about all of a sudden!? You’re the one that’s been fucking around this whole time though!? Whispering fuck, fuck to yourself like that......

Nero: That’s not what I said......! ........Geez, you’ve got food all over your mouth!

✦✧☾✧✦

Owen: ............
........Where am I?
Sir Knight’s room? Why am I here?
Tsk...... I can’t remember. That pisses me off.
I should get out of here. But his room sure is a mess. Do you never tidy up, Sir Knight?
.......This door. It’s all scratched up, like someone threw a chair at it over and over.......
Huh...... So even he can act violently like this. .......How ridiculous.

✦✧☾✧✦

Mitile: I’m not sleepy in the slightest because we fell asleep at such a strange hour.

Riquet: Me neither.

Mitile: The wind has gotten colder. I guess it’s time for us to stop talking on the rooftop.

Riquet: Okay. Mitile, thank you for the wonderful beehive. I love how sweet and wonderful it smells.

Mitile: You can make a honey-scented candle if you melt it down. Please use it for your lantern.

Riquet: Will it smell sweet when it burns?

Mitile: I’m sure it will! If you melt it with coloured wax, you can create marble patterns too.

Riquet: I want to try that.

Mitile: Let’s look for ingredients next time we go to the marketplace.

Riquet: Mitile. Did you see a giant monster in the Marsh of Epidemics?

Mitile: Ah...... Yes.

Riquet: Did it look strong? How big was the monster?

Mitile: It was really huge...... Just thinking about it makes me feel as good as invisible.

Riquet: Someday, I’d like to defeat a big monster with you.

Mitile: Y...... Yes, someday......

Riquet: ......Mitile? Do you have a stomachache?

Mitile: ............
......I guess Southern wizards don’t go around defeating giant monsters.
Dr. Figaro said so. He said people had things they were good and bad at. And since I’m not good at magic......
I shouldn’t force myself to dream of grand achievements like Shino from the East, or Prince Arthur.

Riquet: Why? I’m sure you could do it, Mitile.

Mitile: Riquet......

Riquet: You’re kind and pure, so I’m certain you’d be splendid at fighting. You should achieve even greater feats than Oz or Cain.

Mitile: You think I can?

Riquet: Yes.

Mitile: I-I’ll work hard.

Riquet: Ehehe. Yes! I’d like to make a green and yellow marbled pattern for the candle.
Because those colors remind me of us.


CHAPTER 6

The day before the ceremony......
We head to the capital of Central Country.

Cain: Well then, Akira. I’ll head on to Granvelle Castle first with Oz.
I’ll leave Riquet to you. Oz seems to be worried about the situation too.

Akira: Got it.

Chloe: Sir Sage, how about we stick together if you’re not in a hurry!
I’m going to look for material to make clothes for the twins’ dolls! Rustica is coming too!

Akira: I’ll tag along then. Is that okay, Lennox?

Lennox: Yes. Mitile, Riquet. Don’t wander off anywhere strange. We’ll head to the castle together when you come back.

Mitile: Got it! Mister Cain, please look after my brother! He should have gone to the castle with Miss Canary earlier.

Cain: Sure, got it! What about Murr and Shylock?

Chloe: They went off to investigate something with the twins.

Cain: So Figaro is with them too?

Lennox: Dr. Figaro said he had plans somewhere else in the Central capital.
The Northern wizards are missing as usual, but where are the Eastern wizards......?

Akira: They said they were going ahead first. Apparently they were going straight to the market to buy snacks.

✦✧☾✧✦

Shino: Wow, you can really see that this is a world-class celebration. There are more stalls here than usual. Heath, let’s eat that.

Heathcliff: I’m not very good at eating while walking.

Faust: Then you should float. Once we’re done with our purchases, we can sit on our brooms and eat in the sky.

Nero: Not a bad idea. Though it would be a tragedy if we dropped our food.

Shino: If a bird is allowed to shit from the sky, then I should be allowed to drop my crumbs from the sky.

Nero: Why are you so full of yourself while comparing yourself to a bird pooping?

Faust: All right. Let’s give this little boy a bib.

Shino: I’m not a little boy. What’s a bib? Have you ever worn one, Heath?

Faust: He probably has.

Nero: I bet he has.

Heathcliff: I probably have....

Shino: Then let’s wear them together later. We’ll match.
But nah, I want to eat on the ground. The whole point is eating yummy food while looking for the next yummy meal.

Nero: I get how you fee—..... .........

Faust: Woah, don’t stop out of nowhere.

Nero: Ah.... My bad.....

Shino: A jeweler's booth, huh. Chloe would be delighted. Did something catch your eye?

Nero: ...........

Heathcliff: Nero?

Nero: Ah.... Nah.... I just thought I saw a ring that reminded me of something an acquaintance used to wear.....

Faust: This one?

Nero: Yeah......

Heathcliff: That’s a nice artifact. This is an absurd price for a gem this good.

Shino: You mean it’s a deal? Why?

Heathcliff: See how it’s all dull? Dull gems usually aren’t very popular, but with this particular gem, the duller it is, the more valuable it is.

Jeweler: Huh, really?

Heathcliff: Ah, yes, that’s right. A smoky black color, shot through with a hint of elegant light....
It’s called the lizards’ sun, or the ring of luck for those who walk in the shadows.
It symbolizes the light of fortune that is invisible to those who have lived happy lives.

Nero: .........

Jeweler: Well, that’s great news! Let me jack up the price tag right away.

Shino: Hold up. We’re the ones who caught this gem at this price. Change it after we leave.

Jeweler: A-and when will that be?

Shino: We’re trying to figure out if we want to buy it right now. It’s your call, Nero.

Nero: Eh!? Me!?

Faust: You were staring at it so intently. It’s not a bad deal.

Nero: No, but... It’s fine. It wasn’t mine, it was an acquaintance’s.
It’d be weird for me to buy it. Like, what am I gonna do? Buy it, and say... Look at what I found.... And hand it to him?
Isn’t that kinda strange...? ....Because I’m.....
(....I’m the reason he had to give it up in the first place.)

Shino: Stop mumbling to yourself and make a decision.

Heathcliff: If you can’t pay for it right now, I can lend you some money. Ah... Sorry if that came off as rude.

Faust: This man always carries more than this price in his wallet. He’s a cautious buyer, after all. Nero.

Nero: ..........

Faust: Fine. I’ll buy it.

Nero: I don’t need it.

Faust: ..........

Nero: Sorry. I don’t need it. It’s fine.

Shino: Hey....

Nero: Let’s go. Sorry for taking up your time, mister.

Jeweler: Not at all! Thanks for dropping by!

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: Woah! Look at that woven lace! And the pattern on their bag! It’s all so stylish!

Akira: You’re right! Just looking at all the passers-by in their outfits gets me all excited.

Lennox: I agree.

Akira: (Lennox... Is quietly keeping watch over our surroundings.)
(Also, I haven’t bumped into anyone while walking with him....)
(He’s anticipating my next move, and everyone else’s next moves, through our lines of sight.)
(He’s an amazing bodyguard. But if I were a sheep, I’d feel at ease following him anywhere.)

Lennox: Sir Sage.....

Akira: Baa.

Lennox: Huh?

Akira: Ah, um, it’s nothing!

Lennox: Are you sure you’re not tired?

Akira: I’m definitely all right. I’m having lots of fun!

Chloe: It’s fun just walking around when the streets are so lively! Ah, that person....

Rustica: The tall man in the silk hat?

Chloe: Yup. He’s carrying such a gorgeous doll around. I bet he’s a puppeteer.

Akira: A puppeteer?

Chloe: They use their dolls to put on plays.
People say that in the most amazing puppet shows, the dolls have human souls — they’re more human than actual humans.

Akira: Huh.... Now that you mention it, the doll is so delicately crafted that it almost looks human....

Chloe: Its dress is incredible too. I want to get a closer look at it....

Rustica: Then why don’t you strike up a conversation with him?

Chloe: But won’t he be surprised if I talk to him out of nowhere?

Lennox: You might never meet the people you run into during your travels again. Think it over; make a choice that you won’t regret.

Chloe: Y-you’re right.... Then I’m going to speak to him!

(Footsteps)

Chloe: Um! Excuse me!

Man in the black silk hat: ...Me? Are you speaking to me?

The gentleman in the black silk hat turns around to look at us.
He has striking dark eyes like the night, and a stubble beard. I catch a whiff of a luxurious and elegant scent.

Akira: (He smells like roses....)

Chloe: Ah.... Excuse me for coming up to you out of nowhere. I just thought your doll was really lovely.

Man in the black silk hat: ....This doll?

Chloe: Yes, I think she’s so lovely — I adore the way her hair shimmers and her skin glows, but most of all, I think the delicate laces on her dress are amazing!
I want to be a tailor, you see. Could you possibly show me her dress?

Man in the black silk hat: Of course. Go ahead.

Chloe: Yay! Thank y....

Man in the black silk hat: Ah, don’t touch her. She’s an important tool of my trade, after all. I’ll show you. Here’s the front. Here’s the back.

Chloe: Of cours.....

Man in the black silk hat: One more time. The front. The back.

Chloe: .......

Rustica: She’s crafted with such exquisite workmanship that you’d think she was alive, yet you’re treating her quite apathetically.

Man in the black silk hat: She’s just a doll, after all.

Chloe: Don’t you feel any attachment to her?

Man in the black silk hat: I do not. She’s merely a doll. So what do you think of her?

Chloe: Ah... She’s incredible! Thank you very much!

Man in the black silk hat: You’re welcome. Hm, what’s that book you have?

Akira: Eh? Ah, this is.....
(I don’t want to surprise him by telling him it’s the Sage’s manual....)
It’s just my field notebook. I write notes for my friends’ profiles, and use it as a diary.

Man in the black silk hat: Huh, I see.... Sorry for being nosy. It just reminded me of a book I used to own.

Rustica: What sort of book was it?


CHAPTER 7

Rustica: What sort of book was it?

Man in the black silk hat: It was a script for a puppet play. I wrote a tale for an outcast, featuring an outcast who was rewarded.

Chloe: A play for an outcast.... Did the audience like it?

Man in the black silk hat: I haven’t presented it yet. But it looks like I’ll have a chance to soon.
Do look forward to it. Well then, excuse me.

Chloe: Ah.... Thank you!

(Footsteps)

Akira: ......He had such a mysterious air.

Rustica: He was a wizard, after all.

Lennox: He was? I didn’t realize.....

Rustica: Well, he was hiding it quite cleverly. Perhaps he wanted to avoid getting into trouble.

Akira: ....A story where an outcast is rewarded......

Chloe: I kind of want to see it! My family hated me, after all....

Akira: Chloe.....

Chloe: So if it features an outcast being loved, maybe I’ll feel happy and satisfied too!

✦✧☾✧✦

Child in the marketplace: Mom~! I want the Sages’ wizards medals~!

Mother in the marketplace: How about next time? I’ll take you to see the portraits once they’re hung up.

Man in the black silk hat: ............
Talia. I shall make you an offering of this complacent peace.
Soon enough, I will meet you.

Foreign knight: ............
The preparations are in place. Everything is going according to plan. Do not cause trouble for that lord.

Man in the black silk hat: Hahaha...... You should find a seat with a clear view for tonight.
Let me show you the ultimate puppet show!

Foreign knight: ............ Tsk....... What an antiquated, lunatical wizard......

✦✧☾✧✦

Murr: Ya~y! We’re at the Lunar Eclipse Palace.

Shylock: Murr. Mind your manners.

Murr: I will~!

Snow: How wonderful that the Lunar Eclipse Palace has been splendidly rebuilt after its close brush with destruction.

White: It appears that treasures and antiques have been moved to the castle treasury instead.

Figaro: What kind of clues are you proposing that we find here?

Snow: If there's a wizard around who can control legendary beasts, then surely there must be some record of their name.

White: The Leviathan and Basilisk are creatures that even we have met only a handful of times.

Figaro: A wizard powerful enough to control legendary beasts, huh. Would anyone like that still be alive these days?
Oz did turn most of the powerful wizards around into stone during his rampaging days.

Shylock: But the two of you spared those who made no attempt to resist you.

Figaro: Well, that’s true. I recall an elegant and sophisticated master in a certain port town begging me to spare his life.

Shylock: Fufu. I never begged for my life; I merely offered a word of warning to keep you from becoming a laughingstock.

Figaro: Oh dear, my apologies. Allow me to thank you for your kindness.

Shylock: You are very welcome.

Murr: Then is this beast tamer a Western wizard?

Snow: They could be an Eastern wizard, a misanthrope who hid themselves away deep inside the mountains.

White: Whoever they are, they were strong enough to steal something of Oz’s to use as a medium. They must be a formidable wizard.

Shylock: An enemy whose powers are strengthened through drawing on a medium from Oz, the strongest wizard in the world, the world’s strongest wizard. This might be tricky.

Figaro: I don’t think this problem is as troublesome as the man standing beside you though.

Murr: Are you talking about me? Or are you talking about yourself, Figaro?

Snow: Dear Figaro isn’t troublesome.

White: If anything, he’s an honor student. Right, Figaro?

Figaro: I’ve been a god since I was born, after all. Well then, I’m leaving this place to you guys.

Shylock: Are you going off somewhere?

Murr: Oh, he swiped a grimoire!

Figaro: Shh. I’ll put it back later. I found the book I was looking for, so I’m going to go collect what I need from the marketplace.
The rest is on you, Sir Snow and Sir White.

✦✧☾✧✦

Riquet: Look, Mitile! It’s a fruit I’ve never seen before!

Mitile: Wait up, Riquet. You’ll get lost if you charge ahead like that!

Riquet: If I fly to the sky, I can definitely find you, and you’ll find me.

Mitile: That would work if we were in Southern Country, but we’re in Central Country now......

(Sound of a tinkling bell)

Mysterious shop owner: Welcome, welcome.

Riquet: What could that be? I hear a mysterious voice, and the sound of bells......

Mysterious shop owner: Welcome, welcome. Come closer, young masters.
I have countless marvelous artifacts here. Magic lamps, and flowers that will never wilt. Here we have a casket belonging to the great witch Tiretta......

Mitile: ............ The great witch Tiretta...... He’s talking about my mother!

Riquet: Ah...... Mitile! Wait!

(Running footsteps) (Sound of tinkling bell)

Mysterious shop owner: Welcome, welcome.

Mitile: ..........It’s that open stall over there......
Excuse me......!

Mysterious shop owner: Welcome, young masters.

(Running footsteps)

Riquet: ......Pant, pant...... I finally caught up to you......

Mitile: I heard your voice. You mentioned a casket belonging to the great witch Tiretta.
If you’re talking about the Southern witch Tiretta, then that’s my mother. Could you show me that casket?

Mysterious shop owner: Unfortunately, you don’t seem to have any money on you. I couldn’t possibly show it to someone penniless. It’s an exceptional treasure, after all.

Mitile: ......No way......

Riquet: You shouldn’t say such mean-spirited things; your greed will consume you and lead to your downfall.

Mysterious shop owner: .....Where did you come from, young master? What do you have......?

Riquet: I’m Riquet, the Sage’s wizard.

Mysterious shop owner: Riquet......?

Mitile: (He only has eyes for Riquet. Even though I’m the one who’s the son of the great witch Tiretta......)
I’m also one of the Sage’s wizards! Please, show me my mother’s casket!

Mysterious shop owner: Forget that and take a look at this instead. Here, peer into this test tube.

Mitile: ......Tiny beads of lights are turning around in an elliptical orbit......

Mysterious shop owner: These are comet tears. You can draw on stronger magic if you release these as you cast your spells.

Mitile: How could you tell that we’re wizards?

Mysterious shop owner: My voice only reaches wizards. This is a shop selling magic tools.

Riquet: The comet tears are so pretty...... I almost want to gaze at them forever.

Mitile: ......A tool to make your magic stronger......

Mysterious shop owner: So, what will you do? I have only one vial of comet tears. Which one of you will take it?

Riquet: Perhaps I’ll take it? Mitile, are you going to get your mother’s — the great witch Tiretta’s casket?

Mitile: I..... I also want the vial of comet—......

Figaro: I don’t think you should, Mitile.

Mitile: Dr. Figaro......

Figaro: Hey, Mitile, Riquet. I finished my tasks earlier than expected, so I thought I’d just check in with you two.

Riquet: Were you preparing something? Perfume oils with mysterious scents..... Pearls, and bones......?

Figaro: As the saying goes, there’s nothing to be worried about as long as you’re well prepared.

Mysterious shop owner: ......Fi...... Figaro......

Figaro: Lift your face, Uncle. What’s wrong? You’re sweating so furiously.
You poor thing. It is pretty hot today. I heard your voice too, you know. Did you say you have a casket of Tiretta’s?

Mysterious shop owner: ......Uh.......

Figaro: Can you show it to me?

Mysterious shop owner: Well...... Uh, it seems to have been......

Figaro: This boy is Tiretta’s son. I’ll buy it if it really is a keepsake of hers. Unfortunately, I don’t have much money on me, but......
I can produce a mana stone more valuable than any sum of money right now. You know what I mean.

Mysterious shop owner: ......My apologies...... I lied about Tiretta’s casket to attract customers......

Figaro: What did you say? Oh dear, what a shame.

Mysterious shop owner: ............

Figaro: You should stop doing such dishonest business. You’re lucky that I was the one who stopped by. If it had been a certain red-haired young man, you’d have been killed.

Mysterious shop owner: Y......Yes......

Figaro: Hear that, Mitile? There’s no such thing as Tiretta’s casket.

Mitile: The comet tears......

Figaro: Hmm?

Mitile: Why did you stop me from getting the comet tears?

Figaro: Doesn’t this seem shady to you? They might be fake, or even dangerous.

Mysterious shop owner: Far from it......! These are unmistakably real comet tears! You of all people should be able to tell!

Figaro: Your commentary is unnecessary.

Riquet: Then I shall buy them. I will enjoy looking at them since they’re so sparkly and pretty.

Figaro: Is that so.....? Well, I guess it’s fine since you have Oz to watch over you.

Mitile: ....... I can’t have them, but it’s fine if Riquet does?

Figaro: ............

Mitile: Is it because Riquet is better at magic?

Figaro: That’s not it. I was just thinking about how there are other artifacts here as well. Mister, do you have any recommendations?

Mysterious shop owner: Uh...... Well, there’s a short bow that belonged to a bandit lord, and this aphrodisiac for creating a harem......

Figaro: It’s too early for him to have a harem. You should be able to tell just by looking, right!?

Mysterious shop owner: S-Sorry......

Mitile: It’s fine.

Figaro: ............

Mitile: Please give me the comet tears.

Figaro: Mitile.

Mitile: I want to give them as a present to my friend. How much are they?

Riquet: ......Are you okay with that, Mitile?

Mitile: Yes. It seems like I’m not worthy of them.

Riquet: Figaro. Is Mitile not worthy?

Figaro: ......I didn’t intend to say anything like that, but......

Mitile: It’s fine.
(When I heard that they could boost my magic, for a moment, I wanted the comet tears more than a keepsake of mother’s......)
(Like Dr. Figaro says, I’m not worthy......)

Riquet: ...... Mitile......


CHAPTER 8

Stall owner: Welcome, welcome! Look at this steal over here, a lucky stone known as the lizards’ sun!
A miraculous ring that can transform the lives of social outcasts who walk in the shadows!

Nero: ............

Stall owner: Woah......! A-aren’t you the young man from earlier?

Nero: You really went and tripled the price......

Stall owner: O-of course I did! I’ve still got my business to run now that I know how valuable it is.
What will you do? Are you going to buy it? If you are, I’ll knock the price down a bit for you......

Nero: ............
I’m still thinking.

Stall owner: Can I change the price one more time?

Nero: You bastard, you’re just trying to fleece me......

Riquet: Nero!

Nero: Woah.... Riquet. Weren’t you shopping with Mitile?

Riquet: Mitile is over there with Figaro. I caught sight of you, so I came to say hello.
What are you doing?

Nero: It’s really nothing. Wait...... Hold on! Stop adding digits to the price!!

Stall owner: You better make up your mind soon~.

Riquet: This doesn’t look like nothing. What are you actually doing? It’s bad to keep secrets.

Nero: Not necessarily. Secrets can be tasteful things you share with your close friends.

Riquet: Tasteful things you share with your close friends......

Nero: That’s you and me. So keep it a secret from the others that I was here.

Riquet: I see! I’ll keep our tasteful secret!

Nero: I’m counting on you.

Riquet: Fufu. How exciting, having a secret!

Nero: Haha, that’s true. Ah...... Um, that ring......

Stall owner: Yes! This ring!

Nero: ............
.....You know what, forget it.

Stall owner: Huh......?

Nero: ............ Sorry for taking up your time.

Riquet: Nero......

✦✧☾✧✦

Man in the black silk hat: You can never redo your life. Time, once lost, will never return......
Talia. This time, I’ll make sure to avenge our downtrodden lives.
Violet.

Girl with purple eyes: Yes.

Man in the black silk hat: Scarlet.

Girl with red hair: I’m here, Father.

Man in the black silk hat: Cyan.

Cyan: ......Yes.

Man in the black silk hat: Viridian.

Girl with green eyes: Yes, Father.

Man in the black silk hat: In order to lift Talia’s curse, we must carry out the ceremony according to the legends.
Making offerings to the beasts of the sky, land, and seas — so that we can open the door to the wandering dimension.
I trust that you’ve completed the preparations for awakening the beast of the land, Violet.

Violet: Yes. I’ll be leaving Viridian to handle that beast.

Man in the black silk hat: Can you do it, Viridian?

Viridian: I can.

Scarlet: I’m so excited that my heart feels like it might burst. ......Oh my, Cyan.
What’s with that pale blue umbrella?

Cyan: ......Someone gave it to me.
It’s the umbrella of luck. He said that it’ll protect me.

Man in the black silk hat: Foolish child. Discard it.

Cyan: ............

Man in the black silk hat: I said to discard it! You don’t need charity from anyone aside from me. I see that you’re just like Talia......

Scarlet: Father, please calm your anger. I think it’s quite fine. It’s such a fashionable umbrella.

Violet: It is. You could even use it as a harpoon to take down prey.

Viridian: Perhaps you could borrow it when you lose your hat, Father.

Man in the black silk hat: ......Fine. I’ll permit it this one time.
Now, let us go. My daughters.
First, we have to rescue our imprisoned Aureolin.

✦✧☾✧✦

Central Country citizen: Finally, it’s time for the five countries’ peace conference. I wonder if the ambassadors from each country have already arrived.
Five years ago, they put on a wonderful parade all the way till the castle gates, but.......

Central Country citizen: There have been so many mysterious incidents because of the < Great Catastrophe >, so they might be trying to avoid anything too flashy.

Central Country citizen: Even so, I can’t wait for tomorrow’s opening ceremony.

✦✧☾✧✦

Drummond: Prince Arthur! You look wonderfully attired; your formal outfit marks you as one of the Sage’s wizards!

Arthur: Thank you. I’ve asked everyone to change for the dinner we’re holding on the eve of the opening ceremony.
......But it seems like the ambassadors from each country have yet to arrive.

Drummond: Yes, that seems to be the case......
I’ve dispatched the Order of Knights to look into the situation, but they have not yet returned.

Arthur: Perhaps something happened. I should check for myself.
<< Pernoctant Nix—...... >>

Drummond: Prince Arthur!

Arthur: Woah...... You surprised me. I was on the verge of taking off into the sky with you hanging around my waist.

Drummond: If anyone is surprised here, it should be me! Should anything have happened, it would be all the more reason for Your Highness to remain in the castle!

Arthur: I’ll be back immedia—......

Drummond: I certainly won’t let you!

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: Arthur....... It looks like he’s being scolded by Drummond.

Heathcliff: I’m getting worried.... It looks like the ambassadors from Eastern Country aren’t here yet either....

Canary: We had everyone change into their formal clothes in preparation for the banquet, but I guess we got ahead of ourselves?

Akira: I think it’s fine! But... Murr and Shylock and the Northern wizards, including the twins, have yet to arrive.

Rutile: I did tell Mister Mithra that we would be in formal attire for the banquet, so I hope he remembers to change....
Oh, that’s right. Chloe and Mister Rustica said they wanted to stop by the fabric shop one more time before the market closed.

Heathcliff: That’s no surprise, coming from Chloe.

Shino: If the banquet isn’t starting yet, I’m taking a walk through the courtyard to cool off. I ate too much at the marketplace.

Heathcliff: That’s why I told you.... Sir Sage, I’ll be tagging along, just in case something happens.

Shino: I won’t get lost.

Heathcliff: I’m more worried that you’re going to be rude to Prince Arthur’s servants. Ah.....
Riquet. Mitile. Would you two like to join us?

Riquet & Mitile: Eh?

Heathcliff: We’re going to take a walk through the courtyard. You look a little tired — is it because of the formal attire?

Mitile: No, I’m feeling fine! But... Want to go, Riquet?

Riquet: Yes!

Figaro: Where are you headed?

Mitile: Um.... We’re going to stroll through the courtyard.

Figaro: I see. Take care.

Mitile: Yes! See you later!

Nero: ........
....Hm.... Wait, on the other side of the window....

✦✧☾✧✦

Cyan: .........

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: ....It’s Cyan. Hey, Mr. Faust. Lend me your ear for a second.

Faust: Woah. What is it?

Nero: The girl who was with the basilisk back in the Town of Rain — she’s flying right outside the castle. I’m gonna see what’s going on.

Faust: ....I’ll join you.

Nero: No. You should stay here. Take care of Shino and the others if something happens. They should’ve headed to the courtyard.

Faust: Got it.

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: ......Fine. I won’t go anywhere, Drummond. Instead, I’ll go check on the girl.

Drummond: The girl?

Arthur: The intruder that Cain captured. I heard that Sir Oz confined her to a room locked with magic, but where is it?

Drummond: Prince Arthur. A prince does not meet with intruders or suspicious figures face to face.

Arthur: She might have something to do with the fact that the ambassadors haven’t arrived. I hear that she is a witch.

Drummond: Your Highness. Cain told me not to let you anywhere near the room where the girl is being held.

Arthur: Cain did? Why?

Drummond: Because it’s dangerous! Just this once, I agree with that man.

Arthur: Ahaha. Don’t worry, Drummond.
On my word as a wizard and as the prince, I will protect you from any danger.

Drummond: That won’t do!!

(Flapping of wings)

Drummond: Woah......!

Arthur: It’s an injured bird...... No......
<< Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

Drummond: What on earth......! The bird transformed into a girl......!

Injured blonde witch: .....hh...... The prince who sides with the wizards...... Please bring me to meet Prince Arthur......

Arthur: I’m Arthur. Such terrible wounds...... I’ll heal you with magic at onc—......

Injured blonde witch: It’s too late for me...... More importantly, I have a request......
......The man dressed in black...... Obsius killed my sister........ Kill him for me......

Arthur: He killed your sister......?


CHAPTER 9

Injured blonde witch: ......He killed my sister in front of my eyes, and stole her mana stone...... He said it was an offering for the beasts......
......Please, I beg of you...... Avenge my sister.......
......hh......

Arthur: ............! Hang in there! Open your eyes!
<< Pernocta—...... >>

Drummond: Prince Arthur. It’s too late......

(Crack)

Arthur: ......hh......

Drummond: ......She turned into stone......

Arthur: ......Obsius......

✦✧☾✧✦

(Bird cawing)

Snow: I remember now!

White: Me too!

Shylock: What have you recalled? The wizard skilled at controlling magical beasts?

Snow: Exactly so.

White: That means spending the day investigating wasn’t a complete waste of time.

Murr: So what did you recall? Was it good? Was it bad?

Snow: It might be bad news for you.

White: It’s Obsius. The puppeteer of darkness.

Snow: He’s a magician who enchants and controls beasts with his toy dolls.

Shylock: Obsius... I’ve heard his name in ​​the entertainment district of the Town of Nectar.

Murr: Was he popular?

Shylock: I recall his reputation being quite similar to yours....

Murr: So everyone hates him!

Snow: We once saved Obsius when he was on the brink of death.

White: He seemed to be in mourning because he and his lover had broken up. So we offered him a prophecy.

Shylock: A prophecy...?

Snow & White: If you rest in deep slumber for 333 years at the spot we prescribe, you will attain a shot at victory.
You will be granted a magical tool or a medium that will make your wishes come true.
Our prophecies are never wrong.

Murr: And where was that place?

Snow & White: The Ravages of Oz.

Shylock: That may have been where he obtained Oz’s blood to use as a medium.....

Murr: So he can control beasts, and now he has the ultimate medium in his hands! That’s so exciting!
Plus, night is approaching! The twins are stuck in their painting, and Oz can’t use his magic!

Snow & White: ...........
We need to hurry back to the castle!

Shylock: Let us do that.

✦✧☾✧✦

Soldier: ............! Who goes there!?

Violet: ............

Scarlet: Fufu, can we help you with anything?

Soldier: I......I apologize, noble ladies. Have you lost your way? This is not the venue for tonight’s dinner.
If you turn back towards the hallway you came from—......

Viridian: << Volo Habere >>

Soldier: .....Aaaargh......! hhh.......!

Violet: Shush....... Quiet now.

Cyan: ......Where’s Aureolin?

✦✧☾✧✦

(Door opening) (Footsteps)

Soldier: ......Guh...... Uugh......
You knocked out an entire platoon of soldiers in an instant...... W-Who on earth are you people......!?

Violet: << Volo Habere >>

Soldier: Aauugh......!

Scarlet: Ohoho. How dare you imprison my sister.

Cyan: ......Are you okay?

Aureolin: I’m fine.

Viridian: Elder sister. Let’s hurry.

(Footsteps)

Violet: Someone is coming. Do we kill them?

Aureolin: There’ll be no end to the killing. We have to prepare the ritual.

Scarlet: Fufu. I’ll cast a spell so all of us but Aureolin will be invisible.
I’ll conceal the soldiers, and relock the open door.

Viridian: They’re here.

Cyan: Shh......

(Door opening)

Cain: Hey, do you remember me?

Oz: ............

Cain: At least reply to me. ......Oz, how does she seem to be doing?

Oz: Which one?

Cain: What do you mean which one? Aureolin, of course. The blonde-haired girl we captured the other day.

Oz: She is alive.

Cain: I know that. I’m asking whether she looks pale, or if she’s glaring......

Oz: She’s signalling her comrades with her eyes.

Cain: Comrades?

Oz: They used magic to conceal their presence, but there are four of them. There are also twenty soldiers lying prostrate on the ground.

Cain: Wh—......

Oz: What else can you not perceive?

Violet: Die!

(Flash of light)

Aureolin: Wait......!

Oz: << Vox N—...... >>
......Zz......

Cain: Are you kidding!? Shoot, the sun already went down!

Violet: << Volo Habere >>

Scarlet: << Volo Habere >>

Viridian: << Volo Habere >>

Cain: Hang on hang on hang on......!

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

Cain: Arthur!

Arthur: Cain, I’m here!

(High five)

Cain: Thank goodness!

Arthur: You guys were trying to leave me out.

Cain: I’ll hear your complaints later.

Arthur: I’m warning you now. I’m going to sulk if you do this again.

Cain: You’re already sulking. You’re pouting.

Arthur: ......I’ve always looked like this. Drummond, please wake Sir Oz up!

Drummond: I-I shall! O......Oz, wake up...... Wa—.......

Oz: ......I am awake.

Oz: << Vox N—...... >>

Mithra: << Arthim >>

Arthur: ......A door in space!? ......Mithra......!

Mithra: I finally found you. Witch from the Forest of Dreams.

Violet: I’m Violet. And you are?

Mithra: Mithra. You don’t have to remember that.
Because I’m going to kill you.

Violet: << Volo Habere >>

(Crash, followed by rumbling)

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: ............!? What was that sound......!?

Lennox: Please stay put, Sir Sage. ....!
Sir Faust!

Faust: Ah. It’s you.

Lennox: Where are you headed?

Faust: To the courtyard.

Lennox: It’ll be dangerous to go alone. I will join you. While escorting Sir Sage....

Faust: No need.

Lennox: ........

Faust: You should do your job.

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: .......Such extreme wind pressure! All the windows shattered...... Sir Oz, are you all right!?

Oz: Do not worry about me. Mithra......

Arthur: He went out the window with the purple-eyed witch......!

✦✧☾✧✦

Violet: You’re pretty good. You tore my dress.

Mithra: You’re not as good as I thought.

Violet: ......What did you say?

Mithra: Do show me at least enough magic to keep me awake.
<< Arthim >>

Violet: << Volo Habere >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Oz: Mithra......

Cain: Oz, Arthur! Return to the reception hall! Leave things here to me......!

Aureolin: Like I’ll let you!

Cain: << Gladius Procella >>!

Aureolin: << Volo Habere >>!
Sisters! I’ll take this one outside the castle! We’ll follow Violet’s lead and begin our preparations!

(Crash)

Cain: ............!

Arthur: Cain......!

Scarlet: All right. Let us begin.

Viridian: All right.

Cyan: ......Okay.

✦✧☾✧✦

Cain: ............ What a heavy kick......! You almost snapped my neck......

Aureolin: << Volo Habere >>!

Cain: I won’t fall for that twice......!
<< Gladius Procella >>!

(Outside castle)

Cain: ......Guh......

Aureolin: I won’t let you get in our way.

Cain: Aureolin! What are you planning!?

Aureolin: I told you. Revenge, and resurrection.
<< Volo Habere >>

Cain: ......!? What’s that magic circle......!?

Owen: Looks like you’re in trouble, Sir Knight.

Cain: ............

Owen: Want me to lend you a hand?

Cain: Owen......!

✦✧☾✧✦

Rutile: .......Flashing light as bright as the sun streaking across the night sky...... What in the world is happening......

Canary: Look! Mister Rutile, over there......! On the rooftop......!

Rutile: ............!? Mister Mithra......!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Violet: ......Ugh......

Mithra: I’ll finish you off right here. ......Hmm?
Is that Rutile on that balcony......?

Violet: ............hh. << Volo Habere >>!

Mithra: Shoot......!

(Crash on the balcony)

Mithra: ......Guh......!

Castle person: Eeeeeeek......!

Rutile: ............! Are you all right, Miss Canary!

Canary: Y-yes, thank y—...... Ah, Mister Rutile, that wound on your arm......!

Rutile: This is nothing. ......hh, Mister Mithra......

Castle person: Someone fell from the sky onto the balcony! Like they were thrown down violently......!

Rutile: Mister Mithra......!

Mithra: ......Rutile......

Violet: Die, Mithra.

Rutile: ............! << Ortonik Setomaouge >>!
......Aagh......!

Canary: Mister Rutile......!

Mithra: You...... Are you an idiot!? Why would a weak wizard like you try to protect me!

Rutile: Hah...... I’m so glad you’re all right...... I knew you’d be fine, Mister Mithra......
I’ll take Miss Canary and fly away! Miss Canary, hold on tight to me!

Mithra: Rutile! Escape by yourself!

Canary: He’s right! Don’t worry about me......

Rutile: I will protect you!

Canary: ............

Figaro: Rutile, Canary! Close your eyes!

Canary: Huh!?

Rutile: Got it! You too, Miss Canary, this way......!

Figaro: << Possideo >>

Violet: ......Argh......!

Rutile: Dr. Figaro!?

Figaro: You can open your eyes now.
Looks like Uncle Mithra stopped the scary witch’s attack.

Rutile: Did he really? Mister Mithra......

Mithra: Hmm......? Did I do anything like that......?

Figaro: You did, you did. You were so cool.

Violet: ......Crap...... I don’t have time to waste dealing with you all!
<< Volo Habere >>

Rutile: .............! ......An earthquake......!?

Figaro: ......The Leviathan’s presence? Don’t tell me it’s going to show up here......!?

Mithra: Sigh......


CHAPTER 10

Shino: I sense a strange presence.....

Heathcliff: Yeah.... I don’t recognize this magical presence.

Mitile: ...Should we return to the castle hall?

Riquet: Yes... You know, I heard a scary story the other day.....

Heathcliff: A scary story?

Mitile: D-do you have to tell it now?

Riquet: Oh, we were just talking about terrifying enemies. The prompt was, "What’s an enemy you never want to fight again?" Cain said it was the serpent beast....
And Oz said it was the Minotaur.

Shino: The Minotaur.

Heathcliff: I’ve heard of it before. It’s an intelligent beast that wields a gigantic axe. It’s incredibly stubborn and difficult to kill.

Mitile: If Sir Oz says he never wants to fight it again, then it must be really strong.

Riquet: Apparently no matter how many times you beat it down, it’ll get back up and come rushing at you again. So by the end you’re covered from head to toe in wounds.
And even if a wizard finally managed to defeat it, more often than not they’d expire and turn to stone after using up all their strength.

Shino: Huh. I’d like to face it one day.

Heathcliff: Here we go again....

Shino: If I beat it, it means I’m just as powerful as Oz. I like the sound of that.

Mitile: You’re so dauntless, Mister Shino.... ......!
Look! Above us!

Shino: Murr and Shylock on their brooms.... Did they just fly back?

Heathcliff: Looks like the twins are in their portrait. ....Ah.....!

Riquet: A girl on a broom just crashed into Shylock!
The twins’ portrait is falling....!

✦✧☾✧✦

(Woosh)

Snow & White in the painting: << Noscomnia >>!
Figaro! Hey, Figaro!
You must catch us!

Figaro: ....What a pain.... Can’t you see I’m busy here....?
<< Possideo >> There! Got you!

Rutile: Sir Snow, Sir White! I’m so glad you’re safe!

Snow & White in the painting: Phew, you saved us!

✦✧☾✧✦

Mitile: ....Thank goodness! It looks like Dr. Figaro caught them!

Viridian: Um....

Mitile: ......... You’re.....

Viridian: It’s dangerous here.

Shino: Who are you?

Viridian: I warned you.
<< Volo Habere >>

Shino: << Matztzah Sudipas >>!

Heathcliff: Shino! .....What is this.... The scent of a beast......!?

(Roar)

Riquet: What a terrifying growl.....

✦✧☾✧✦

Cyan: .............
<< Volo Habere >>

(Woosh)

Nero: Cyan....!

Cyan: Ah.....

Nero: ....I forgot to tell you my name last time.
I’m Nero. Cyan. What are you up to?

Cyan: I’m going to bring Mother back to life.....

Nero: Mother?

Cyan: Thank you for the umbrella.

(Screech)

Nero: .......! The Basilisk....!

(Woosh)

Shylock: Nero.....!

Murr: And a tough bird!

Nero: Shylock, Murr!

Shylock: So you were the one who crashed into my broom.

Cyan: ..........

Murr: << Eanul Ramb.... >>

Nero: Hold up! She’s still just a kid!

Shylock: .......! Nero, behind you.....!

(Screech)

Nero: ..........!

Bradley: << Adnopotensum >> !

(Crash) (Screech)

Cyan: Ah......

Nero: ....Brad......

Bradley: You owe me one, chef.

✦✧☾✧✦

Obsius: The Basilisk, Beast of the Sky......
The Leviathan, Beast of the Sea......
And the Beast of the Land......
The Minotaur.

✦✧☾✧✦

(Roar)

Shino: .......!?

Mitile: Mister Shino!

Riquet: Shino!

Shino: The hell is this hulking creature!?

Heathcliff: ...ah..... ....A beast with a weapon.... A magical creature with intellect......

Shino: .....Hmph.
I’ll chop off that head of yours and make it an offering for our party.

✦✧☾✧✦

Obsius: Once I offer sacrifices to the three magical beasts, the castle that wanders through the dimensions will once again awaken.
The castle of living briars. My beloved Talia —
I’ve come to meet you.

✦✧☾✧✦

Maid: .....The castle is shaking......!?

Butler: What’s happening!? ......I’m so sleepy......

Maid: How strange...... My eyes...... won’t stay open.......
.....Uu........
...............



✦✧☾✧✦

Canary: ......Mister Rutile...... Somehow...... I’m really sleepy......
Zz............

Rutile: Miss Canary......? Pull yourself together, Miss Canary!

✦✧☾✧✦

Maid: ......Zz...... Zz......

Butler: ......Zz....... Zz......

Akira: ......What happened!? One after another, everyone’s falling over......

Lennox: ......They’re asleep......

Akira: ......! Lennox, outside the window......!

Lennox: ......!? The castle is covered in briars......!?

✦✧☾✧✦



Cain: What’s with those briars......! Are they trying to cover the entire castle......!?

Owen: Sir Knight.

Cain: What?

Owen: I’ll tell you something good.

Cain: I’m ready to bet that it’s actually something bad.

Owen: The Central troops have all collapsed in a heap.

Cain: ......What did you say......?

Aureolin: I’ll sink all of the castle’s inhabitants into an eternal sleep.
They shall be sacrifices for our Mother.

Cain: ......No way...... Prince Arthur......!

Owen: ............

Scarlet: Ohoho. Serves you right.
I’ll toss you two into the wandering castle as well.

Owen: We got another annoying one. "Serves you right"? If anything, you should worry about yourself.
You’ll be great feed for my dogs.

Scarlet: ............

(Woosh)

Rustica: —Ah! It’s the lady who laughs like "ohoho"!

Chloe: Whoa—!! Granvelle Castle is in trouble! What happened!?

Cain: Chloe, Rustica!

Owen: Tsk...... The Western wizards. They throw me off......

Rustica: Hello, Owen. How do you do?

Chloe: The castle is in really terrible shape!? Are you guys okay!?

Cain: Give me a high five, both of you!

Chloe: Here!

Rustica: He~re.

(High five)

Owen: Things just got really noisy......

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: ......There are people collapsed over here too......
Pull yourselves together! Wake up......!
......It’s no use...... They won’t open their eyes......

Oz: .........The castle has been transformed......

Arthur: Transformed......? Ah......
Faust! Faust, over here!

Faust: Arthur, Oz. Is there a path that leads to the courtyard?
I can’t leave from any door or stairway — they’ve all been covered by the magical briars.
They attack the moment I try to step foot beyond the windows.

Arthur: No way...... I’ll go confirm!

(Running footsteps)

Oz: Arthur! Do not lean out of the window!

Arthur: Cain! Sir Sage......! ......hh......

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed >>!

Arthur: ......Faust! Sorry, you saved me!

Faust: Did you not! Literally! Just hear me explain! That it’s dangerous to step foot beyond the window!?

Arthur: Sorry! Let’s look for the Sage. As long as we have the Sage, Sir Oz will be able to use his magic......

(Footsteps)

Lennox: Sir Faust! Prince Arthur!

Faust: Lennox......

Akira: I’m so glad to see you all......!

Arthur: Are you all right, Sir Sage!

Oz: ............

At that moment, Oz’s eyes, which had been fixed on me, widen in surprise.

Oz: Sage......!

(Shattering glass)

The next instant, the briars covering the windows come hurtling in my direction.

Akira: ............!?

Lennox: ............

Lennox pulls me close against him, delivering a roundhouse kick to drive back the briars.
But they immediately start chasing after us.

Faust: Leno! I’ll cover for you! Take the Sage and escape!

Lennox: Yes! Sir Sage, this way!

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed. >>

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

The twin flashes of light from Arthur and Faust’s magic ward off the briars attempting to seize hold of me.
I break into a sprint, Lennox’s arm around my shoulders.

Arthur: Sir Sage!

With everything I have, I reach towards Arthur’s proffered hand.
But the castle chooses that moment to shake more violently than ever.

Akira: ............

My feet slip.
Lennox holds onto my arm as I stumble and fall.
The briars twine around both my legs.

Lennox: Sir Sage......!

(Crash)

Akira: ......Aaaahh......!

And the briars drag me into the darkness of their intertwined masses.

Arthur: ......Release the Sage......!

Arthur swings his sword. But he can’t hack away all of the briars, and the darkness continues to swallow me.

Faust: Sage......!

Oz: << Vox Nox >>!

Oz chants his spell and transforms into a black bird.
He flies towards me, staggering under his drowsiness.

Oz as a black bird: .............

But the briars reach out and slam him against the wall.

Akira: ......Everyone......!
Aaaaahhhhh......!

I fall, dragged into the thorn-filled abyss.


CHAPTER 11

Akira: ......Everyone......!

(Crash)

Arthur: Sir Oz......!

Oz: ......hh, The Sage......

Faust: He’s been taken by the briars......

Lennox: Sir Sage......

✦✧☾✧✦

Cain: << Gladius Procella >>
............ It’s no use......! I can’t even scratch those briars!

Rustica: << Amorest Viesse >>
Same here. Neither setting them on fire nor freezing them seems to work.

Chloe: ......If we don’t get past these briars, we can’t get to the Sage and the others!

Cain: Akira, Prince Arthur......

Scarlet: Ohoho. I won’t let anyone through.
Aureolin. Head into the castle and assist Father.

Aureolin: Will do.

Cain: Wait......!

(Slash)

Cain: ............!

Scarlet: I said I wouldn’t let anyone through, remember?

Owen: Now, now. What’s wrong, Sir Knight?
Aren’t you going to protect your precious Sage and the Prince?

Cain: ......Of course I am! I’ll protect them at any cost!
<< Gladius Procella >>
.....Guh......

Chloe: Cain!

Scarlet: Ohoho! Even if you repeat the same moves, it won’t change a thing!

Chloe: Cain, are you okay!?

Cain: Yeah, you should stand back. This time, I will......!
<< Gladius Procella >>
......Aaagh......

Owen: ............

Chloe: Cain......!

Cain: .....I’m fine......!
Chloe, you and Rustica should look for an opening to get into the castle!
I’ll try to break through one way or another......!

Rustica: But leaving you by yourself......

Owen: ............

Rustica: No, it looks like you’ll be all right. All right, Cain. I’ll let you know the moment we find an opening.
Let’s go, Chloe.

Chloe: .......Cain! Take care, and don’t push yourself too hard......!

Cain: Yeah, I can’t be getting my finest suit dirty!

Chloe: You idiot! I don’t care about that at all! ......Please be safe......!

Cain: You too!
Hah......All right! Here I come!

Owen: Are you an idiot?

Cain: ......What—......

Owen: Even if you repeat the same moves, it won’t change a thing. You heard that witch.

Cain: ......It’s not the same move. I’ve been changing the target and angle of my attacks, all so I can find a weak spot.

Owen: Really. So did you find anything?

Cain: Not yet. But I definitely will!

Owen: Is that so?

Cain: ......Hah...... Here I go.......
<< Gladius Procella >>
......Ugghh......

Owen: ............

Scarlet: Ohoho! Your actions are all futile!

Cain: ......I’m not done!

Owen: Tsk......
<< Cure Memini >>

Scarlet: ......!? The briars were repelled......

Cain: Owen......

Owen: And you still call yourself a knight? You’re letting yourself be trampled by some puppet who’s controlling a beast.

Scarlet: A puppet!? The sheer insolence of your remark!

Owen: Shut up. You have to breathe more quietly.

Scarlet: Breathe? Like this......?

Owen: Not you.

Cain: ............
Are you talking to me?

Owen: Is there anyone else here? It’s because you’re not used to making the spirits obey you, the way we Northern wizards are.
It’s only natural for the spirits to avoid you when you’re just lashing out so wildly.
Even more so in unusual circumstances like this, where there’s been a disruption to the natural order. The spirits hate being contaminated.

Cain: Uh, so you mean.......

Owen: Breathe quietly. The way you usually do, with sincerity......

Cain: Not that. So what I’m getting is that, you’re like, trying to teach me magic right now?

Owen: ............
I’m not.

Cain: Uh, you’re not? I can’t really afford to get tricked or beat up right now.....

Owen: Fine then. You’re right. Just do what I say. You want to find a weak spot to break through, right?

Cain: Yeah.

Owen: Breathe quietly. Trust your own sincerity, the way you usually do. That’s the Central way of doing things, right?

Cain: Trust my sincerity the way I usually do?

Owen: That’s not what I think. But it’s what the others say about you, right?

Cain: ............? What are you talking about? Is this about magic? Or about me?

Owen: Just do it!

(Thwack)

Cain: Ouch! You didn’t have to throw your shoe at me!

Owen: Why don’t you get it? What has Oz been teaching you? I’m disappointed in you, Sir Knight.

Cain: You can say that, but...... Ah.

Owen: What?

Cain: I feel like I can take deeper breaths than before.

Owen: ............

Cain: I get it now. You were trying to calm me down. Thank you, Owe—.....

Owen: I was not. Give me back my shoe.

Cain: Whoa—...... Don’t fly over out of nowhere.

Owen: I’m going to set Cerberus on that woman. Sir Knight, attack those briars the moment I do.

Cain: Got it.

Owen: Don’t get too heated. The spirits will run away from you.
If you want them to go along with your anger and restlessness, you’d have to possess enough power to subdue them.

Cain: You mean I don’t?

Owen: Not yet.

Cain: Got it. I’ll take deep breaths.

Owen: That’s right. Let’s go.

Scarlet: Ohoho! As if you could!
I’ll grace you with a mighty blow!

Owen: << Cure Memini >>

Cain: << Gladius Procella >>!

✦✧☾✧✦

(Screech)

Shylock: My, what a boisterous night.
The castle is covered in ivy, and a Basilisk flies through the air...... I hardly have time to light my pipe.

Bradley: Where’s the Sage and the others?

Nero: Inside the castle. They’re trapped by those pesky briars.

Bradley: Briars, huh...... Where’s Owen?

Murr: I don’t know! Why do you ask?

Bradley: That guy doesn’t do so well with briars. Well, I guess he’ll be fine.
So, young lady, are you the bad girl pulling these tricks?

Cyan: .............

Nero: ......Brad. Don’t be rough on her. She’s not even the mastermind behind all this.

Bradley: You’re as soft-hearted as ever. Hey, little miss. What are you trying to do?

Cyan: ......Take revenge for Mother, and bring her back to life......

Bradley: Revenge? On who?

Cyan: ............

Nero: ......She’s pointing at Murr.

Bradley: Hey, scholar of the West. At least take responsibility for the women you laid your hands on before they start any more giant monster wars.

Shylock: I don’t think he laid his hands on her.... ....Or did you?

Murr: I forgot!

Nero: Wish I were a genius. I’d love it if my brain worked as conveniently as yours does.

Murr: Ta-da!

Nero: I was being sarcastic.

Shylock: He realizes you’re being sarcastic — that’s why he’s showing off. Isn’t it utterly infuriating, and also utterly endearing?

Nero: .........? The West has such sophisticated taste that it’s beyond me......

Bradley: Ahaha! You should try a bite. You might find it to your taste.

Nero: What will you do if I end up ruining my tastebuds?

Bradley: We’d have a problem. —All right, little miss.
I get you. Boil him, grill him, whatever — you can do whatever you want with this guy.

Murr: Meo~w! I’m gonna get eaten!

Bradley: But if that’s not enough for you, if you’re still not satisfied — then we’ve got with no choice but to take down your Basilisk.
You see, there’s this guy named Akira inside that castle of briars. We’re looking out for him — he’s our leader, so to speak.
As a Northern wizard, I can’t roll over and watch our leader get snatched from us. I’m gonna get him back no matter what.
What will it be, little miss?

Cyan: ............

Nero: Cyan...... I just want to save my comrades inside the castle. Can you let us through?

Cyan: ...... But Father......
He said my job was to stay here and turn everyone who tried to approach the castle from the sky into stone......

Nero: ......You really won’t budge?

Cyan: It’ll be all right...... Because I have the umbrella of luck.

Bradley: ......The umbrella of luck?

Cyan: << Volo Habere >>

Nero: <<Adnodus Omnis >>


CHAPTER 12

Violet: I’ll make you bait for the Leviathan, just as Father ordered.

Rutile: Leviathan!? Is that the giant monster we saw in the Marsh of Epidemics?

Figaro: That’s right. A Leviathan can travel freely through dimensions between waterfronts.
It can travel between space the way Mithra can, from the seas of Western Country to the Marsh of Epidemics....... And now, all the way to a pond in Central Country.

Rutile: No way......! We’re in trouble if it goes on a rampage next to the castle!

Figaro: Exactly so. Hear that, Mithra? Open the door in space.

Mithra: Huh? Now?

Figaro: That’s right. Hurry and do your arthim thing. The moment that woman summons the Leviathan, drive it back to the sea.

Mithra: You make it sound so easy.
<< Arthim >>

Figaro: Bigger! You have to make a much bigger door!

Violet: Nothing you do will change anything.
<< Volo Habere >>

Snow in the portrait: It’s coming!

White in the portrait: It’s making its way out of the castle pond!

Figaro: Hurry up, Mithra! Make the door even bigger!

Mithra: ......Hang on, I’ve never opened such a huge door before......!

(Splash)

Snow in the portrait: This is bad!

White in the portrait: The Leviathan is coming.......!

Rutile: I see someone in the courtyard by the pondside......!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Shino: You hulking bastard....!

(Clash)

Mitile: Wow, Mister Shino....!

Riquet: His scythe struck its vitals....!

Shino: ........!
(This is bad.....)
(It’s not doing any damage.)
Get down.....!

Heathcliff: .......!

(Roar) (Clash)

Heathcliff: .......! It toppled a giant tree and a stone statue in one sweeping blow.....!

Shino: To top it off, it’s agile. .......!
<< Matztzāh Sudipas >> !

(Clash) (Roar)

Mitile: .......That was close......!

Shino: Tch....
(This is really bad.....)
(It has considerable magic power, and it moves like a warrior. We probably don’t stand a chance against this thing.)
(And the briars above our heads cover the entire garden, blocking our escape route to the sky. We can’t fly on our brooms. That means someone has to buy time.)

Heathcliff: Shino.......

Shino: ..........
All right. Don’t lift a finger, Heath. The glory from this victory will be all mine.

Heathcliff: What!?

Shino: I’m saying I’ll be the one to slice its head off. You should take Mitile and Riquet and escape.

Heathcliff: What are you saying!? I can’t just leave you here alone!

Shino: Those two will just get in the way.

Mitile: .........

Riquet: You’re so rude, Shino! I can fight to—.....

(Rumble)

Mitile & Riquet: Aaaah....!

Riquet: Shino, Heathcliff....! It’s raining like a waterfall over there.....!

Shino: ....That’s where the pond was. There’s a giant shadow behind the veil of water......
(....What the hell is that?)

(Roar)

Shino: (The bull beast and the pond beast — they’re both really bad news...)
(What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to..... Calm down!)
Mitile!

Mitile: Y-yes.....!

Shino: Are you pouting because I said you’d drag me down? Come on, cheer up. Let’s play Cain.

Mitile: Huh?

Shino: I’m hugging you. Hug me back.

Mitile: Woah....!

Heathcliff: What are you doing, Shino!?

Shino: .....This is a secret between you and me. It’s going to take me everything I’ve got just to buy us time.

Mitile: ......Huh......

Shino: Take care of Heath for me. Please escape, and take him somewhere safe. I’m counting on you.

Mitile: ..........

Shino: Run the opposite direction of the lake. Don’t look back. Don’t come back. I’ll catch up to you guys soon enough.

Mitile: I.... I understand!
Mister Heathcliff, Riquet. Let’s go!

Riquet: But.......

Heathcliff: .....What about Shino.....!

Mitile: Mister Shino will be all right! Please run with us, Mister Heathcliff!

Heathcliff: ...........

Shino: Go! Take care of Mitile and Riquet!

Heathcliff: ......Shino! You’d better catch up to us.

Shino: Gotcha.

Heathcliff: Promise me you will!

Shino: ......... We don’t need that! Just believe in me!

Heathcliff: Th......

Shino: Mitile, Riquet, hurry!

Riquet: Yes.....!

Mitile: ......Let’s go!

Heathcliff: .........hh....

Shino: ............
......Ahh...... Dammit. Stop shaking. Don’t freak out.
All right........

(Roar)

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >> !

(Clash)

✦✧☾✧✦

Figaro: Mithra, hurry......!

Mithra: ......I’m trying......!

Rutile: ......It looks like there’s someone next to the pond! I’ll cover for them by acting as bait until the door is wide enough!

Mithra & Figaro: Wa—......!

Rutile: Mister Mithra, I’m counting on you......!

Mithra: Ah, wait......! Figaro, please go after Rutile!

Figaro: Of course I will, but it’s another thing entirely to keep up with his speed on his broom.
It takes everything I’ve got just to protect him, especially when I can’t bring out the big guns!

Mithra: Why!?

Figaro: I’m hiding the fact that I’m Northern born, you see.

Mithra: Whatever for?

Figaro: It’s complicated, but if I had to sum it up, you could say it’s a hobby of mine?

Mithra: Ugh...... I really really don’t care, but........

Snow in the portrait: Mithra dear, the door’s getting smaller!

White in the portrait: Don’t slack off, Mithra dear!

Mithra: ......... << Arthim >>

Snow & White in the portrait: Yay! You’re ama~zing!

Figaro: We need a door that’s three times this size! You’ve got this, Mithra. Oz would’ve done it in three seconds.

Mithra: Tsk...... You’re a truly infuriating man.

Figaro: Haha...... Well then, I’m tucking this painting under your arm. It might come in handy at some point.

Snow in the portrait: Mithra dear, we’ll be borrowing the space beneath your armpit for a while.

White in the portrait: Don’t mind us; we’ll make ourselves nice and cozy here.

Mithra: This is making me weirdly uncomfortable, you know.....

Snow in the portrait: Argh, pay attention! The door got smaller again......!

White in the portrait: Work harder, Mithra dear......!

Mithra: << Arthim >>
......Rutile...... Please don’t die. I’m begging you.

✦✧☾✧✦

Rutile: ...... The sky above the castle is covered in briars. I can’t fly very high.....!
Until Mister Mithra’s door in space.... Is big enough to fit the Leviathan.....
I need to keep its attention. I’ll be fine. I’ve gotten better at controlling my broom when I’m flying at top speed.
I just have to fly as I did during practice. Alright! Here we go.....!
<< Ortonik Setomaouge >>

(Flash) (Crash)

Shino: .....! There’s a wizard on the other side of the water screen..... That’s.....
.....Rutile! He’s a lifesaver! Will he be okay alone? I hope there’s someone else with him.....

(Roar)

Shino: .....Now’s not the time for me to be worrying about others.....!

(Crash)

Rutile: Alright! My attack landed! Now come this way....

(Roar)

Rutile: Draw it in as close as possible, and then.....!

(Roar) (Splash)

Rutile: ......Yes! I dodged it! I’m faster — let’s do this one more time.....!

(Woosh)

Rutile: .....Woah, up close, it’s way bigger than I thought.....! This is scary......!

(Roar)

Rutile: .....To the right.....!

(Woosh) (Roar)

Rutile: Left......!

(Woosh)

Rutile: ....It’s following me! Upwards next.....!

(Woosh) (Roar) (Crash)

Rutile: .......! It leapt......!

(Splash) (Woosh)

Rutile: Woah....! That was close! I thought I’d get knocked off my broom.....

(Crash)

Rutile:.......! Oh no....! Its tail—-.....

Figaro: << Possideo >>

Rutile: Dr. Figaro....!

Figaro: Hey there, Rutile. You’re doing a really good job. Can you let me hop on the back of your broom? Keep your eyes looking forward — you should focus on flying.

Rutile: Got it!

Figaro: Go as fast as you can. This will be a nice night flight: I’m front row for a close-up of the Leviathan’s face.

Rutile: ....What kind of face does Levi have?

Figaro: Levi?

Rutile: Leviathan is kind of long.

Figaro: The youth like to abbreviate everything nowadays. It’s an SF.

Rutile: SF?

Figaro: It stands for scary face.

Rutile: Ah, I see! Fufu.....

Figaro: << Possideo >>

Rutile: Wooah....!?

(Flash)

Rutile: Wh-what did you do? It kind of feels like the flames of hell are burning behind my back......

Figaro: Oh, nothing much. Just keep flying. ....Oh, this is bad.....

Rutile: Bad?

Figaro: It doesn’t seem to be doing anything at all. We’re gonna have to rely on Uncle Mithra.
How’s the door looking? Do you think Levi can make it through?

Rutile: Oh....! It’s gotten much wider....!
Mister Mithra is amazing....! I think Levi can fit!

(Roar) (Crash)

Figaro: All right, good boy. Come on, come this way!
<< Possideo >>


CHAPTER 13

Mithra: ......It’s so cold......

Snow in the portrait: Well done, Mithra!

White in the portrait: Waves are spilling out from the door in space! Now’s our chance— ......

Violet: I won’t let you do as you please.
<< Volo Habere >>

Mithra: ......!

Snow & White in the portrait: Oh no, you don’t......
All right! We left our painting!
<< Noscommia >>

Violet: The twin children came out of the painting and protected the red-haired man......!?

Snow: Ohoho! Aren’t you surprised!

White: Mithra, concentrate on holding the door open! The least we can do is set up a barrier around you.

Mithra: I’m counting on you!

Snow: Child, state your name.

Violet: Violet.

Snow: Violet, huh. Let us repay our dues from the other day.

Violet: I’m not interested in bullying children.

Snow: What a kind child you are. I’ll make sure to dote on you thoroughly — for I am not kind in the least.

White: Ohoho. I’m hardly kind either.

Violet: << Volo Habere >>

Snow & White: << Noscommia >>

(Woosh)

Rutile: Mister Mithra......!

Mithra: ......Rutile!

Figaro: Keep the door open just like that......! We’ll take Levi to the sea and deal with it there!

Mithra: Levi? Well, okay. I’ll leave it to y......
.......Hang on a moment!! Leave Rutile behind, Figaro......!

Rutile: It’s fine, Mister Mithra! Trust me.
Levi, this way......!

Mithra: You’re kidding me......

Figaro: Come along with us if you’re so worried, Mithra! You’re good at swimming, aren’t you?

(Waves splashing)

Figaro: Leap through the door, Rutile! Hold your breath!

Rutile: Okay......!

(Growling) (Woosh)

Violet: ......! Where are you going......!?

Mithra: ........Argh, no way! I’m going too! I’m taking you guys along with me!

Snow: Don’t get our painting wet!

White: Take care of us!

Mithra: << Arthim >>!

Violet: Hold up......!

✦✧☾✧✦

Rutile: ......hh......!
(It’s so cold! I’m underwater...... Which way is up!?)
(Dr. Figaro...... Where’s Mister Mithra!?)
(............! There’s something clinging to my feet......!?)
(............! Now someone is grabbing my hand!? Are they trying to pull me up!?)
(......What do I do! I’m being pulled from both ends......! I’ll be torn apart......!)
(Ah......The hand grabbing my arm let go......)

(Splash)

Rutile: ......Cough......! Cough, cough.....

Figaro: Are you okay, Rutile!? Mithra, that was Rutile’s foot! Hold onto his arm the way I did!

Mithra: There’s no difference...... Thank god..... You’re safe......

Rutile: Cough, cough...... Sorry...... For making you worry...... Cough, cough......

Figaro: Stop holding Rutile upside-down! His face is underwater......!

Snow: Look.......!

White: It’s the Leviathan......!

(Growling)

Rutile: ............
......It’s gigantic......
......It’s as vast as the rocky mountains in my hometown...... It’s like a deity......

Mithra: Hmm...... It’s big, and that’s all there is to it.

Violet: You went out of your way to bring this creature all the way to sea, where its powers can be unleashed at full force......
What could you possibly be thinking?

Figaro: There was no other way. I know people who would be sad if that castle was destroyed.
Besides, I’m good at swimming too.

Mithra: Me too. I was raised by the lake, you see.

Figaro: Then shall we go for a swim?

Violet: Onwards, Lord of the Seas......!

Mithra: << Arthim >>

Figaro: << Possideo >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: I wonder if the Sage is all right......

Faust: They wouldn’t have taken him away if they planned on killing him.

Lennox: But who could have taken the Sage? If they have the power to transform the castle in an instant......

Faust: Shylock mentioned that it was someone who held a grudge towards Murr, but...... Oz, can you sense the others?

Oz: ............
I cannot tell.

Lennox: If only the Sage were here, then Sir Oz would be able to use his magic.......

Arthur: He can’t help his injury from the < Great Catastrophe >.
Sir Oz, please take care to not chant your spell out of your usual habit.
You’ll grow sleepy if you try to use your magic. And if you hit your head, you will get hurt.

Oz: Got it.

Arthur: Please take this sword in case anything happens.

Oz: ......Are you expecting me to swing a sword?

Arthur: Yes. I’m sure you’ll look cool wielding a sword, Sir Oz!

Oz: I see......

Faust: The opposite goes for you, Lennox. You have a habit of moving your body first, but.....
Since Oz cannot use magic right now, I’ll need you to support my attacks with magic.

Lennox: Yes.....

Faust: You don’t think you can do it?

Lennox: No, I can.

Faust: Yah!

Lennox: Hah!

(Punch)

Faust: See? You stopped me with your fist. Utter your spell before moving your hands.

Lennox: ..... Yes, sir.

Faust: Yah!

Lennox: Hah!

Faust: .........

Lennox: << Forsettao Meiuvat >> !

Faust: Yes. That’s what I’m talking about.

Lennox: .....Old habits die hard.....

Oz: I agree...... A sword, huh......

Arthur: I’d be happy to teach you if you’ll have me. Though I’m not as proficient as Cain is.

(Crash)

Faust: ......! The briars! They’re attacking!

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed >>

Oz: << Vox Nox >>
Zz......

Arthur: Sir Oz!!

Lennox: Hah.....!

(Thump)

Faust: Leno!

Lennox: Ah, shoot!

Arthur: ......These briars won’t stop attacking us......
Where on earth could the Sage be!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: ............
Where am I......?
......Did I fall asleep somewhere......?

(Flashback)

Cain: Oops, sorry for waking you up. Did you have interesting dreams?

Akira: It feels like I did, but I can’t quite say...... Ahaha. I’ve forgotten.

Cain: I get that feeling. You forget your dreams the moment you wake up.

(Car horn blaring)

Akira: ......Huh? This is......

(Meowing)

Akira: Ah, a cat’s meow...... What was I doing? ......I can’t remember......
......Even though I didn’t want to forget......

Murr: But somewhere in your heart, you think, "Oh well. Nothing I can do about it." Right?

Akira: ......Who are you......?

Murr: I’m your cat! The heart is all about survival of the fittest, after all. It’s an environment where weak emotions are consumed by powerful ones.
Like a good, understanding child, you will swallow a cup filled to the brim with tragedy, without leaving a single drop.
If forcing your opinion upon others will cause them trouble, you would rather suffer the wounds yourself.
Oh, gentle spirit. In order to be with others — or, in order to be all alone.....
You slowly and gradually yielded every piece of yourself, wearing down your very soul.
Even though you had every right to protect your own soul.

Akira: ...I......

Murr: Did nobody tell you that?
That you yourself are one and only? That nobody can replace you?

(Car horn blaring)

✦✧☾✧✦

Talia: Say it again......

Murr: Nobody can replace you.

Talia: ......Murr......

Murr: Tell me your story, Talia. A tale that belongs only to you.

(End flashback)

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: ............!
This is......

I open my eyes, and find myself in a mysterious dimension: a pure black realm of space, with swirling flowers of light dancing before my eyes.

Obsius: I see you’re awake.

Akira: You are......!

Standing in front of me is — the man in the black silk hat I met in the Central marketplace.

Obsius: We met at the marketplace, Sage from a different world.
It makes you feel good, doesn’t it? A heretic like you being revered by a bunch of fools.

Akira: ......I......

Obsius: My name is Obsius. You shall stay here and watch as the castle of briars is resurrected.

Akira: ............
.........Are you the one who did all of this to Granvelle Castle......?
Why......? You said you would show me your completed puppet show......

Obsius: The performance is underway as we speak. Take a look through the rose windows.

Obsius points at the glowing flower patterns, and I strain my eyes in the direction of what he called the rose windows.
Beyond the disparate flower patterns, I catch sight of the Sage’s wizards.
Cain and Owen beating back the briars as they attempt to break into the castle......
Chloe and Rustica flying in the air close by...
Above the seas, I see Rutile and Mithra face to face with a giant monster.
And Figaro and the twins with them.
I see Arthur and Oz, as well as Faust and Lennox in the castle hall.
In the labyrinthine courtyard, Shino battles a bovine monster......
As the figures of Heath, Mitile and Riquet race desperately through the maze.
A giant bird flies dizzying circles in the night sky, with Nero and Bradley on its heel.
Joined by Murr and Shylock, all giving chase on their brooms.

Akira: ......Everyone......!

Obsius: Now, Talia. Accept the sacrifices I offer to you.
Hurry! Wake up, and show yourself to me!

The man named Obsius laughs, a distorted sound that resounds in space.
With my limbs still entangled in briars, I —.......
I can do nothing but hold my breath and watch over the scenes unfolding beyond the rose windows.


CHAPTER 14

Figaro: << Possideo >>

Figaro chants his spell, whipping up a tornado over the expanse of sea.
The maelstrom whirls in dizzying circles, lengthening into a giant pillar that links the sea and the sky together.
Standing amidst the stripping wind, Figaro smiles, the portrait of a languid sea god.
He narrows his eyes — a disquieting yet beautiful mixture of harvest time hazel and overcast tempest grey — and lifts his orb.
And the giant tornado charges straight towards the Leviathan with towering force.
With the skies and seas churning around him, Figaro raises his palm like a doctor preparing for surgery and lightly crooks a finger in invitation.

Figaro: Come, Mithra. We’re attacking from both flanks.

Figaro casts a glance beyond the Leviathan between them, to Mithra standing on the opposite side of the seas.

Mithra: Don’t order me around.

Mithra grumbles unamusedly at Figaro’s words.
But in response, he plunges into the sea, one hand cradling his magical skull.
The Leviathan, too, dives beneath the sea, trying to escape the giant maelstrom.

(Splash)

Mithra sinks to the bottom of the dark sea, countless glittering bubbles clinging to him like flurried snow.
He relaxes his grip, and for a split moment, his skull floats weightlessly in the water.
Before transforming into a gigantic head of death, its gaping jaws thrown wide open in the roar of a feral beast.
Mithra utters a single soundless word.

Mithra: << Arthim >>

In the next instant, frozen rays of blue flame shoot out from the skull’s open mouth.
With staggering speed, the flames freeze the seawater white in their wake and extend into a drill of ice.
Heading directly for the Leviathan’s belly.
Caught up in the giant maelstrom, the Leviathan should have been pierced straight through by the pillar of ice.
Instead, it suddenly disappears.
I stand aghast at the sight of such a giant creature disappearing in a blink.

Figaro: Oh my. It teleported to another body of water.

With the Leviathan gone, the giant tornado and the pillar of ice collide violently, spraying seawater with a thunderous roar.

Figaro: .....Mithra......! Stop it, you’re going to run me through!

Mithra: ......Guh......! That’s my line! I almost got sucked into the tornado!

Rutile: Are the both of you all right!? Where did Levi go......?

Snow in the portrait: It teleported to a different body of water. Until we trap it within a magic circle, it will continue to freely move through space.

White in the portrait: It might have returned to Granvelle Castle. Mithra, hurry and make a door—......

Figaro: No, it will return here. Just as that girl said, it’s more advantageous for Levi to be close to the sea.
We’ll put an end to it here, so it won’t get in our way a second time.

White in the portrait: I see. But are you okay with everything you just did? Figaro.

Figaro: What do you mean? ............ Ah......!

Rutile: Dr. Figaro......... You’re as strong as Mister Mithra. You’re incredible......!

Figaro: Um......

Mithra: No way. I’m definitely way stronger.

Figaro: Yeah, that’s right. He’s totally way way stronger.

Mithra: I thought this was your hobby? So Rutile and Mitile are playing along with your game.
Even at a time like this.

Figaro: ............

Rutile: Hobby......? What do you mean, a game....?

Figaro: ......Well......

(Roar)

Mithra: ............!

Snow in the portrait: The Leviathan came back!

White in the portrait: So did that girl!

Violet: << Volo Habere >>

Snow & White in the portrait: << Noscommia >>

Figaro: ......We have to draw a magic circle and trap the Leviathan in it. Otherwise it’ll keep transporting itself back and forth.
Ah, I left the tools I needed for the ceremony back at Granvelle Castle. And I didn’t even finish collecting everything we needed......

Rutile: Dr. Figaro!

Figaro: Rutile, stand back!

Rutile: Sorry! This might be a bad time to say this, but I just wanted to tell you!
We’ll play any game you want, Dr. Figaro!

Figaro: ............

Rutile: We’ll play any game with you, at any time! If it’s what you want to do, Dr. Figaro!
Because you’re our savior, Dr. Figaro — and we love you!

Figaro: ......Rutile......

Snow in the portrait: A hobby? Don’t be silly, you fool.
Is the game playing god? Or is it playing the plebian?

White in the portrait: Come now, Snow.

Snow in the portrait: It’s something far more earnest, isn’t it?

Figaro: ............

Snow in the portrait: Rutile. Figaro borrowed Oz’s blood as a medium just for tonight.
I taught you how a wizard’s blood, hair, fingernails or bones can act as mediums, right?

Rutile: Ah, so that’s it! Dr. Figaro! That’s why you could conjure that tornado!

Figaro: ............
That’s right! So you can just leave it all to Dr. Figaro tonight!

Rutile: Wow~! You’re so cool~!

Mithra: I’m definitely way cooler though.

White in the portrait: Ohoho. That was devastatingly sweet, Snow.

Snow in the portrait: Ohoho. Sometimes I have to show my teacherly side.
Well then. How will the girls who actually do draw on Oz’s blood as a medium show their hand......

Violet: I shall turn you into a stone and sink you into the depths of the sea.
<< Volo Habere >>

Mithra: Listen...... I won’t let you escape a second time.
I’ll turn you into a skewer and eat you.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: ......hh, Guh......

Obsius: Cease your useless resistance. Those briars will not release you.

Akira: .............
(I have to escape somehow...... I have to let everyone know that the mastermind is here......)
(......Huh......?)
(......What’s with that spot...... A purple shard in that dark corner......)
(A glowing bug......? A petal......? No, it’s a stone...... It’s spinning around like a comet.)
(The glow of that purple sapphire feels familiar......)

✦✧☾✧✦

Meanwhile, in the skies above Granvelle Castle......
The wizards chase after the young girl astride the Basilisk.

Shylock: << Invibelle >>

Cyan: ......This fog...... I can’t see the way ahead......

(Low growling)

Cyan: Don’t be scared, it’s going to be fine......

Bradley: You sure about that?

Cyan: ............!

Bradley: << Adnopotensum >>!

Cyan: He struck the wing..... Oh no, you have to fly properly......

Murr: Where are you going? Are we playing tag?

Cyan: ............

Murr: Ahaha! Wait up!

Cyan: Hah...... hah.......!

Nero: You look pale, Cyan.

Cyan: ......! Nero......

Nero: Give in already. You can tell these guys are a bunch of skilled veterans.
You can’t win.

Cyan: ...... << Volo Habere >>

Nero: You’re not going to listen. huh......
<< Adnodus Omnis >>

Cyan: Ahh......!

Nero: It won’t just be your dress the next time: I’ll pierce your body with these knives.

Bradley: Nero! Stop beating around the bush!

Nero: Brad......

Bradley: Get onto the Basilisk’s back! I’ll divert its attention!

Nero: ......Got it!

Bradley: Shylock, I’m counting on you to cover us!

Shylock: Gladly. In return, please do not make Nero harm the girl.

Bradley: That’s an odd bargain.

Shylock: Nero is a kind person. If he hurts that girl, it’ll eat away at him for a hundred, even two hundred years.
His midnight sighs may be tastefully secretive, but I don’t particularly wish for them to increase in number.

Bradley: You’re perceptive too. I can see why Bennett Bar is so popular in the Town of Nectar.

Shylock: Please drop by for a leisurely evening next time.

Bradley: You bet I will. I’ll kill her myself if it comes down to it. Besides, that girl isn’t flesh and blood.

Shylock: Hmm?

Murr: Nero landed on the Basilisk’s back!

Nero: ......Whoa...... Stay still!
.....All right, buddy. I’ll make you behave like a good boy.

Cyan: Return the Basilisk to me......! << Volo Habere >>

Nero: ............!

Murr: Nero, duck!
<< Eanul Rambul >>!

Cyan: ......My attack got deflected......!

Nero: ......I owe you one!

Murr: You’re welcome!

(Woosh)

Nero: Murr! Don’t fly behind its back! You’ll be sprayed with acid if you provoke the snake end of the Basilisk!

Murr: I did it on purpose!

Nero: Hah!? But why!? Is this some other sophisticated Western pastime!?

Murr: Sophisticated Western pastime?

Nero: Yeah, the whole "it’s the best and the worst" thing......

Murr: That’s Shylock’s thing!

Shylock: Oh dear. Don’t expose me like that.

Bradley: Ahaha! You’ve got good taste! So you mean a man like me?

Nero: Bold assumption. So what’s your answer? Why did you go looking to get sprayed in acid......

Murr: Ta~da~! Have a look below!

Nero: ............! The snake’s acid is melting the briars surrounding the castle!
Nice, Murr! Good find!

Murr: Ya~y! Good find!

Nero: Brad! Lead the Basilisk to the skies above the castle!

Bradley: Got it! Follow me, you giant bird!


CHAPTER 15

In the courtyard, Shino fights the Minotaur.
A monster with a bulky, massive frame — even larger than a stable.
The head of a bull tops off its hulking body; it commands an axe of horrific proportions.
Despite its fierce movements, the Minotaur’s eyes harbor a silent darkness devoid of emotion.

Shino: Hmph.... You remind me of my old self.

Shino dashes through the dark midnight garden that has transformed into a labyrinth.
I thought he was fleeing the Minotaur. But I was wrong.
He turns a corner and hides himself in the Minotaur’s blind spot, ready to launch an attack on the monster when it reaches him.

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >>

(Clash) (Roar)

Shino’s scythe strikes the Minotaur’s neck, right on target.
Any normal beast would’ve had its head flying in an instant. But....

Shino: ......Dammit......!

The scythe only scratches the Minotaur’s hide; it stands unharmed.
Using the centrifugal force of his scythe, Shino spins through the air like a wheel before hitting the ground.
And then he runs through the labyrinth once more. He hides amidst the roots and the trees and waits for his next opportunity to strike.
Shino is out of breath, but he remains as composed as a hunter laying his traps.
If he manages to slowly and keenly chip away at the Minotaur’s stamina, bit by bit, maybe he has a shot at winning this battle.
—But the very next moment, tragedy strikes.

(Roar)

Shino: ...........!

Maybe the Minotaur sensed where Shino was: it slices away the entire corner of the maze where he’d hidden with a heavy blow of its axe.
Shino manages to dodge the attack, but it takes him a second to get back on his feet.

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >> .......!

The Minotaur swings its axe and slices Shino’s body right down the front.

Shino: .....Uugh.....

(Crash)

And then, in one sweeping sideways motion, the Minotaur tosses Shino several meters into the distance.
As Shino struggles to rise to his feet, the monster stampedes towards him with thundering footsteps.
I scream.
Even though I know my voice won’t reach him.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: Shino! Run......!

Obsius: It’s pointless. There is no escaping the Minotaur, the greatest warrior on earth.

Akira: .....What do you hope to accomplish with all this!?

Obsius: I want to reunite with my dearest wife.

Akira: Wife.....?

Obsius: The briar witch, Talia.
The pitiful witch who was cursed for attempting forbidden magic, only to fail and be possessed by the briars in return.
Against her will, briars would appear and lash out at all those who dared approach her.
And thus, ashamed of her cursed existence, Talia hid herself away in an ancient castle. That was where we met each other.
My puppet show was a salve to her lonely heart, her smile the very same to my loneliness.
We were meant to live happily ever after, free from this meaningless world and its foolish masses.
......And yet that man incited Talia into destroying herself!

Akira: ......That man......?

Obsius: The genius of the ages, the philosopher Murr, known for his brilliance!
He stole my wife’s heart away from me, used her to further his own research, and cast her aside once he was done using her.
Unwittingly, Talia was tricked into weaving roses to create a pathway to the moon!
She lost herself, weaving away in the ancient castle, and in the end......
She became one with the castle of briars......

Akira: Became one with the castle......?

Obsius: It’s all that man’s fault! The great philosopher Murr destroyed my wife and our love for each other!

Akira: No way...... Murr wouldn’t do something like...... .............
(......The current, innocent Murr might not, but the Murr before his soul shattered, I couldn’t say for sure......)
......Even if that were the case...... He wouldn’t have gotten innocent people involved.......

Laughter rings out from the darkness.
The sweet, insolent, charismatic laughter of a voice accustomed to mockery.
A strong light glows from the purple sapphire shard.
And that bewitching purple light coalesces into a person.

???: How cruel of you, Sir Sage.
I know that one of the many me’s out there explained to you...

Obsius: ......! You....

Murr: The one I love is the < Great Catastrophe >.
The beautiful moon alone.

The man with a face identical to Murr’s takes a bow, so gracious that he seems to be feigning politeness.
Then, he smiles at me.

Murr: It’s a pleasure to meet you. My name is Murr Hart. Please call me Murr — Sir Sage.

✦✧☾✧✦

Riquet: ......The castle courtyard is like a maze now.

Mitile: It wasn’t like this earlier.....
Ah, Mister Heathcliff, come this way.... Are you okay? Are you tired?

Heathcliff: ....I’m all right. Thank you for looking out for me.

Mitile: Not at all.

Heathcliff: But.....

Riquet: What’s wrong, Heathcliff?

Heathcliff: .....I’m sorry. But could you two escape alone?

Mitile: Mister Heathcliff.....

Heathcliff: I can’t leave Shino on his own. He was putting on a show, pretending he had everything under control, but I know.....
That if he thought he could win, he would want me to be there so I could witness it. He wouldn’t let me escape like this.

Mitile: ....Mister Shino said he would definitely catch up. We should believe in him.

Heathcliff: I’ve made a promise with Shino.

Riquet: A promise?

Mitile: But wizards aren’t supposed to make promises....?
Because if we break our promises, we can’t use magic anymore.

Riquet: It must have been a promise you made with great conviction. ....Right, Heathcliff?

Heathcliff: ....Not at all. We were just swindled by our master, and..... We made it without understanding a thing.
Our promise was to protect each other. That’s why.... I need to protect Shino.
I still don’t know how to face the question that Mister Faust posed to me — I still don’t know if my heart is ready for me to be his master, but.....
But.... I have to go. I’m sorry.

Mitile: ............

Riquet: What’s wrong, Mitile? ....You look pale.....

Mitile: .....Mister Heathcliff. Mister Shino actually asked me to.....

Heathcliff: To what....?

Mitile: He said that we couldn’t beat the Minotaur.
So he asked me to take care of you and run, Mister Heathcliff.

Heathcliff: ....Wh......
.......I can’t believe him......! Now I’m seriously pissed off......!!

Mitile: P-please don’t get mad at him!! Mister Shino was doing it for you, Mister Heathcliff.....

Heathcliff: I know, but.....!

Riquet: Why didn’t you tell us, Mitile?

Mitile: I did sort of bend to Mister Shino’s overwhelming willpower, but.... I was also happy.
Because he acknowledged me as a capable, proper wizard. Nobody else treats me like that....
But he said he was counting on me. That’s why.... I was so happy......

Heathcliff: .......... Going by that logic, it means he doesn’t trust me.

Mitile: I-I guess, I guess you could say that, but...... .....Did I make you mad?

Heathcliff: I’m not angry at you, Mitile.

Riquet: But your hands are shaking, Heathcliff.....

Heathcliff: I’ve never been this mad — I’m so mad that I feel like I could pass out. I don’t care about the Minotaur.

Mitile: Y-you’re so reliable.

Riquet: I will pray so that you can feel at peace, Heathcliff.

Heathcliff: I’m heading back to Shino. What will you two...

Riquet: We’ll follow you. As a disciple of God, and as a Sage’s wizard, I cannot just sit aside idly as my friend is exposed to danger.
Plus, there’s a little something that I want to try out!


CHAPTER 16

Mitile: Wait, does that mean.... You have the comet tears with you right now?

Riquet: Yes! Let’s see what it does!

Heathcliff: All right.... If anything happens, you two should run away.

Mitile & Riquet: I won’t run away!

Heathcliff: Then your job is to be messengers. I want you two to call for help to make sure we don’t die.

Riquet: Well, if that’s the case....

Mitile: All right. I accept that job.

Heathcliff: Thank you.
<< Repsevaivulp Sonus >>

(Woosh)

Mitile: Woah, the wind cut straight through.....!

Riquet: It created a path straight across the garden, blowing away all the hedges and the plants....!

Heathcliff: All right. We’re clear. Let’s go.

Riquet: ....He’s surprisingly bold.

Mitile: .....He really is a Blanchett — the strongest military family in Eastern Country.

✦✧☾✧✦

The brilliant scholar Murr, whose soul shattered when he got too close to the secret of the moon.
His friend, Shylock, is gathering the shards of Murr’s soul in an attempt to restore him, but....
Under the influence of the < Great Catastrophe >, the shards scattered about the world gain physical form from time to time.

Obsius: Why are you here....!?

Murr: Who knows? Perhaps the moon was being mischievous — or perhaps Talia’s lonely soul drew me close.

Obsius: .......

Obsius’s face twists into an expression that even I can read clearly: jealousy.
Murr coolly tilts his head, his neatly trimmed hair swaying to one side.

Murr: In any case, it is quite cozy here. I suppose this could be taken as a risque joke, but we are essentially within her body.

Akira: What do you mean? He mentioned earlier that she became one with the castle of briars...

Murr: The briar witch Talia is the ancient castle of roses. She became what she wished to be.

Obsius: You’re wrong! You broke her heart when you cast her aside, and she was possessed by delusions!
Why else would anyone wish to become one with an antiquated castle!?

Obsius glares at Murr, his eyes full of loathing.
Murr laughs without even bothering to hide his arrogant look of surprise.

Murr: Amazing. You really never listened to a single word Talia said.
She may not look the way you wish she did, but that does not mean that she is unfortunate.

Obsius: Silence....! You freakish moon-obsessed charlatan....! You are catastrophe itself!
I never listened to her, you say!?
I was the one who thought of her, more than anyone else!
I visited her — an outcast! — and performed my puppet shows to soothe her loneliness! Because I alone understood her!
But then you showed up, and Talia grew infatuated with you, and.....

Murr ignores Obsius, whose voice has risen to a yell, and crosses his legs next to me.
He peers into my face with a smile, surprisingly innocent for a soul shard Murr.
His expression is filled with fondness for his old friend.

Murr: Sir Sage. Talia was a fascinating girl. She was trying to go to the moon.

Akira: The moon?

Murr: That’s right. She wished to land on the surface of that sparkling moon so that the castle of briars could take root.
An ancient castle of roses standing in a world of gold. That was her dream, and she continues dreaming to this day.
She dreamed, and dreamed, and dreamed again, until her hair became rose ivy; her hands, castle walls; and her legs, castle gates.
And like a ghost ship, she wanders between dimensions, waiting for the day that her dream will come true.

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!
.....It’s not working...... We’re surrounded by briars, and the exit to the courtyard is sealed off.
Blasting holes in the ceiling and the ground didn’t help either......

Faust: I know this is a dire situation, but I’m amazed by how enthusiastic you are about blasting holes in the castle’s reception hall.

Arthur: Anything to save the Sage and everyone else. I’m sure the first King Alec will understand.

Lennox: ............

Faust: Don’t look at me.

Lennox: I apologize.

Oz: ......I tried to summon Figaro and the twins, but I simply fell asleep, to no avail.

Arthur: You said you couldn’t reach Cain or Riquet either, right?

Faust: Are your powers being suppressed?

Oz: This situation is abnormal. Right now, the castle resembles a human that has been possessed by a dead soul.

Arthur: What do you mean?

Oz: ......
A ghost ship does not exist, but it is still possible for humans to board that ship. And once they do, it is also possible for them to disappear along with it.

Arthur: Yes.

Oz: It is the same thing.

Arthur: ............ The same thing...... Oh, I understand now!

Faust: ......You got it from that explanation?

Lennox: I had no idea what he was getting at...... Central really has excellent students.

Arthur: In other words, Granvelle Castle has been possessed by a spectral castle.

Oz: Yes. Like the temples of the original spirits, it originally existed in a world without real form.

Faust: I see...... But why would something like this happen?
Granvelle Castle has not committed such grave sins that it would warrant a castle of dead souls possessing it.

Oz: Someone cast a forbidden curse upon it. They made a promise to offer holy sacrifices to the beasts of the sky, sea, and land.

Lennox: A promise......

Arthur: Sacrifices..... You mean the people sleeping in this castle?
I won’t let that happen! I’ll rouse the castle’s inhabitants from their sleep!

Faust: I agree with Arthur. Those who have fallen to slumber have committed no crimes. ......Besides, I’m worried about Shino and the rest of them.

Lennox: I’m worried about Mitile and the others too. I hope they’re all safe......

Arthur: ............! I sense someone......!

Aureolin: How dare you intrude upon Father and Mother’s grief! I’ll be your opponent!

Faust: The blonde girl..... You must be the witch that Cain mentioned.

Arthur: You look like..... The witch who turned to stone on the balcony......

Faust: The witch who turned to stone on the balcony?

Arthur: Yes...... She arrived on the brink of death in the form of a bird.
She asked me to take revenge for her sister who was killed by Obsius......

Aureolin: ......Obsius? That’s my father.
He would not kill an innocent witch.

Arthur: You resemble that girl. But...... I also sense Sir Oz’s air about you.

Faust: I sense it too, faintly. Is she related to you by blood?

Oz: She was created using my blood as a medium.

Arthur: Created?

Oz: That is a puppet.

Arthur: A puppet? This girl?

Aureolin: .....Did you just call me a puppet? Preposterous!

Faust: .......I have to agree with her. I can’t believe that she’s a puppet; I sense blood flowing through her.

Oz: She is drawing on my blood as a medium. The person who molded her must possess formidable power.
They killed witches from each country and harvested their mana stones. They used them to create sacrifices in the images favored by the beasts in order to control them.

Aureolin: Sacrifices?

Oz: Yes. You are the sacrifices for the beasts.

Aureolin: Wh—......

Oz: You will be consumed.


CHAPTER 17

Owen: << Cure Memimi >>

(Roar)

Scarlet: ............!! << Volo Habere >>

Cain: << Gladius Procella >>!
............ ! I’m getting the hang of it.....!

Owen: Hmph. Good for you.

Cain: Yeah! It’s all thanks to your advice!

Owen: Haha...... Idiot. I didn’t give any advice.

Cain: Even so, I’m grateful to you. If I keep this up, I can break through!

Owen: Do as you please.

Cain: Wait for me, Akira, Arthur!

Scarlet: ...... I won’t let you advance further!

Owen: I’m your opponent.
<< Cuare Morito >>

Scarlet: << Volo Habe.... >>

(Roar)

Scarlet: ......Aaahhh......!

Owen: What should I do with you? I’m not as kind as Sir Knight is.
Shall I cut you into three and feed each piece to one of Cerberus’ heads?

Scarlet: Well, if you’re going to eat me anyway, you wouldn’t mind letting me into your stomach, right?
<< Volo Habere >>!

Owen: ............
Tsk......! You pesky bastard! You almost blasted a hole through my stomach.
You only scratched me, but...... These are rose briars......
......Briars...... .............. A thorny, dark place......
............

Scarlet: Ohoho! I’ll turn you into a skewer this time!
<< Volo Habere >> !

Owen: ............

Cain: Owen, watch out......!

(Footsteps) (Clash)

Owen: ............

Cain: ......Are you okay, Owen!? What’s wrong with you, spacing out like that!

Owen: ......Ah......

Cain: Owen!? Did you get hit!? Pull yourself together!

Owen: ......Sir Knight......

Cain: ......That expression......
Don’t tell me you’re...... The injured Owen......!?

Owen: Sir Knight...... Where are we? I’m scared......

Cain: ......No way...... Not now......
Owen...... Owen! Can you come back? Please, Owen......

Owen: Come back? From where...... ?

Cain: I guess not, huh...... Um......

Scarlet: Ohoho! What a beautiful friendship you have, looking out for each other......!

Owen: ............! A scary person.......!

Scarlet: Huh? You’re plenty scary yourself!

Owen: ......She yelled at me...... Sir Knight......

Cain: Hang on a moment. Um...... Let’s try to sort this out.

Owen: Let’s sort it out......

Cain: Owen, you can’t use magic, right?

Owen: Right......

Scarlet: Huh? What an outrageous falsehood! You just set those vicious howling dogs on me!

Cain: Stop, wait a second! It’s complicated.

Scarlet: Well, if you say so...... I suppose I could take a break to enjoy some tea.
Staying up late is terrible for my complexion, so I’ll have some rosehip tea; it’s wonderful for the skin.
I wonder if I can find a tea set? Let me look around the castle........ My, what delightful tableware!

Cain: Owen. Listen closely. It’s dangerous here.

Owen: It’s dangerous......?

Cain: Yeah, you can tell by looking around, right? The castle is covered in briars, and the vines are wriggling around.

Owen: Wriggling around......

Cain: It’s really painful when the briars hit you, and the thorns even make you bleed.

Owen: That’s scary......

Cain: That’s right, it’s really scary. That’s why you need to watch out for the briars, and find a place to wait for me over there.

Owen: ......No......!

Cain: I’ll come back for you, believe me. I’ll beat up the enemy, and then......

Owen: Don’t leave me behind...... Don’t leave me alone!

Cain: It’ll be more dangerous if I take you with me.

Owen: No, I’m scared...... The briars are scary....... Sir Knight, don’t go......

Cain: ......I have to go.

Owen: Why do you have to go? Why won’t you stay with me?

Cain: There are people precious to me trapped in that castle.

Owen: ............

Cain: They’re probably in trouble; they can’t leave because they’re trapped by the magical briars. ......I want to save them no matter what.
I don’t need glory or medals. There are people waiting for me inside the castle — people who fill my heart with pride and light.

Owen: .....Do you want to save them?

Cain: That’s right. You understand, don’t you?
Don’t you feel bad for them, trapped inside that dark castle?

Owen: ............
......But......
You don’t feel bad for me?

Cain: ............
......Owen?

Owen: I’m still trapped.
Left behind, all alone.
You’re going to save them.......
Even though you wouldn’t save me?

Cain: ............? What are you talking about, Owen......

Owen: ............

(Growling)

Cain: ............!? Cerberus, where did y—......

(Sickening crunch and spurt of blood)

Cain:......Guh......!
......Ah.......Argh..........It’s tearing me apart........Aaahhh...........!

Owen: ............

Cain: ......O......wen...........Please stop him! O—........ Ah........Ugh.......

Owen: ............

Cain: << Gladius — >> .........Aah...........

Owen: I was a good boy. I waited obediently for so long. But you never came to save me.

Cain: ............O—............

Owen: Just die.

✦✧☾✧✦

Scarlet: Fufu....... I had such a lovely teatime. ......Oh my.
.....Dear me, did you have a disagreement? The white-haired man’s three-headed dog is devouring the red-haired man.
I guess the two of you didn’t really get along. Even though your eyes are the same color.

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: .....The vines are all over the place here too..... Ouch.... The thorns caught me again.

Rustica: Are you all right?

Chloe: Yeah. This is just a scratch, but.... There’s no opening for us to get into the castle.

Rustica: You’re right. The sky is covered in vines, too; I don’t see any way out by flying.

Chloe: It was such a pretty castle, but now it’s like a ghost......
....We were supposed to have a special ceremony, too.... I wonder if they’re going to blame us again?
Is everyone going to say this was all the wizards’ fault.....

Rustica: I’m not too sure about that. The people in the castle have all fallen asleep.

Chloe: ....It makes me sad..... I guess there really is no such thing as an outcast who becomes the hero of a story; that’s just wishful thinking.
No one ever loves an outcast; it doesn’t matter if he does good things or bad things. He’s still an outcast.
Even if we do our best to save people tonight, tomorrow, the people we saved....
Might sigh, and say, this is why we can’t trust wizards. ....What do you think, Rustica?
Do you ever feel like that....? Am I thinking this way because I have an awful personality....?

Rustica: You’re a kind, good boy.

Chloe: ....I don’t know about that. Whenever these sorts of thoughts cross my mind, I can’t bring myself to say, "Thank you."

Rustica: You don’t have to.

Chloe: .....Yeah.....

Rustica: ....Oh my, the rain..... ........!
<< Amorest Viesse >>

Chloe: Woah....! You surprised me, tugging me close out of nowhere!

Rustica: Because the rain falling from the sky isn’t any old rain. Look.

Chloe: Ah! You’re right.... The bricks and briars are melting away.

Rustica: But this might be a blessed rainfall that gets us through this conundrum.

Chloe: Huh....?

Rustica: Shall we practice magic?

Chloe: H-huh? Right now? I have such a laid-back master.....

Rustica: Right now is the time to practice. Look up to the sky, Chloe. What do you see?

Chloe: .....Um.... Dark clouds, and the heavy shadows of the briars.....

Rustica: The moon isn't very bright tonight, after all. But look closely.

Chloe: ....If only the < Great Catastrophe > shone a little brighter......

Rustica: That’s right. It’s what we all pray for on the darkest nights: "Let there be light."
But Chloe, I know you can find the answer, even amidst the dim gloom.
Even on nights where you can’t say "thank you"; nights where you feel like a lost, unrewarded specter; nights where you might become a terrifying monster.
For you are a wizard, after all.

Chloe: ............

Rustica: Listen to the wind and touch the shadows of the invisible — find the long-lost words of the past.....
We are wizards. We dance and sing under the very light of the moon that humans fear, frolicking alongside everything in this world.

Chloe: ............

Rustica: Now open your eyes wide.
Look into the dark night to find the wonderful things that make your heart dance — the things that give you courage.

Chloe: ........
—Ah!
Murr! Shylock!
Nero and Bradley are there too! Thank goodness! Everyone’s all right....!
They’re zipping through the sky fighting a giant bird! Amazing....!
Rustica, look! Our friends are fighting!

Rustica: That’s right, Chloe.

Chloe: .....We need to do our best too! I feel like we can do this! Because.....
We’re wizards, after all! We can turn the worst into the best, and pull miracles out of the air!

Rustica: Of course.

Chloe: Ah....! When the briars over there melt, we can enter the castle from that window!

Rustica: Excellent! Once we manage to open up an entrance, let’s get Cain and Owen.

Chloe: Yeah!
Wait for us, Sir Sage! We’ll save you!


CHAPTER 18

Heathcliff: ....Pant, pant...... .....Shino......

Riquet: .....Heathcliff! Isn’t that thing shining over there Shino’s scythe!?

Heathcliff: You’re right.... It’s stuck in a tree trunk.....
.....Shino.....! Where is Shino......!?

(Roar)

Mitile: The bull-headed monster......! ......Ah......!

Riquet: No way.....! Is the bright red thing in the monster’s arm.....!?

Heathcliff: Shino.....!!
You bastard! How dare you......

(Roar)

Heathcliff: << Repsevaivulp Sonus >> !

Mitile: Woah......! The garden hedges are stretching and clinging to the bull monster!

Riquet: Let’s help him out!
<< Sunrotea.... >>

Viridian: Don’t get in my way.

Mitile: .....You’re......

Viridian: Ah.... It’s you from earlier......

Mitile: Mister Heathcliff! Riquet! Leave this girl to me and go help Mister Shino!

Heathcliff: Thanks, Mitile!

Riquet: Be careful! Mitile!

Viridian: Ah......

Mitile: I won’t let you through! Are you a witch? Why are you doing such terrible things!?
Bad wizards like you are the reason everyone has the wrong idea about all wizards!

Viridian: I’m not doing anything bad. I just want to meet Mother.

Mitile: .....Mother.....

Viridian: And if you get in my way, I’ll turn you to stone.
<< Volo Habere >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Shino: (...My whole body hurts..... What’s this smell....? It’s the metallic scent of blood — and greenery....)
(The scent of Sherwood Forest, protecting Blanchett Castle.... ....My dwelling.....)

✦✧☾✧✦

Shino: (....No. What’s with these leaves and branches growing from the monster’s body....?)

(Roar)

Shino: .......!!
Cough, cough..... Dammit! Hurling me around like that......

Heathcliff: Shino......!

Shino: ...........
.....Heath!? Why did you come back!? .....Stay away.....!

Heathcliff: ......What!?

Shino: Hurry, run awa..... Agh......

Heathcliff: Look at you! You’ve lost too much blood! I’ll lend you my shoulder......

Riquet: Heathcliff! I managed to bind the monster with branches from the courtyard, but it’s going to rip through any moment now.....

Shino: .....Let me go. Where’s my hunt?

Riquet: Hunt? Your scythe is in that tree.....

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >> ! Return to my hands!

Heathcliff: Stop using magic! You were on the brink of death!

(Swish)

Shino: But I’m not dead. ....All right. I’m gonna finish it off. You guys should run.

Heathcliff: ......... I will really get mad.

Shino: And that’s fine. I was so fortunate to meet you, Heath.

Heathcliff: Wh......

Shino: Run — and survive. I’m begging you.

Heathcliff: How could you say that!? I promised to protect you too! If I break my promise.....

Shino: You’ll no longer be able to use magic. You can be a normal human.

Heathcliff: ...........

Shino: ....Unlike me, you always wanted to be normal, right, Heath?

Heathcliff: ...........

Shino: ....Uu.....gh.....

Riquet: Are you all right, Shino!? You can barely stand on your own......

Shino: ....Cough..... I’m fine. Riquet, it’s probably that monster that even Oz had trouble defeating.....

Riquet: ....The Minotaur?

Shino: That’s right. ....Cough. It won’t fall, no matter how many times I strike.....

Heathcliff: .....We can beat it together!

Shino: You’re so stubborn! I’m telling you to run! Riquet, take Heath and go!

Riquet: ........ But......

Shino: I’m begging you!

(Roar)

Heathcliff: ......! It broke through the binding....!

Mitile: .....Aaah.....!

Riquet: ....! Mitile! I can hear Mitile.....!

Shino: Go! Heath.....!

Heathcliff: ............

✦✧☾✧✦

Owen: ............
.......Tsk! My memory went black again......
Where’s Sir Knight......?

(Growling) (Spurting)

Owen: What’s with you guys? What’s that you’re devouring—....
............

Cain: ......hh......

Owen: ......Cain......!
Move......! Open your mouths, you stupid dogs!
<< Cuare Morito >>!
......Hah...... Hah....... .......Cain......
......Are you dead......?

Cain: ......Owen......

Owen: ............ Ahaha...... Hey, how do you feel?
I did this. I set Cerberus on you. Every last misfortune that befalls you is my doing....

Cain: ......It’s not your fault......

Owen: ............

Cain: It was me...... I made you angry...... I said thoughtless things....... To the little you......

Owen: ......The little me?

Cain: .......I’m cold...... ......This is bad....... I can’t even see you now......

Owen: ......You can see me. Even without touching me.

Cain: .......hh, Please take care of......... Prince Arthur.........

Owen: ......Cain?

Cain: ............

Owen: Can you see me if I touch you? ......Here, I’m holding your hand, Sir Knight. Hey, are you listening?
....... Aren’t you going to reply?
.......Huh, how stupid.
............
.......Open your eyes! You can see me, right!? Cain! Cain......!

Rustica: Owen!

Owen: ............

Chloe: ............! Cain, but why......!

Owen: Why, you say? Haha....... My Cerberus bit him and chewed him up. I set him loose on him.

Chloe: B-but why would you do such a thing......

Owen: Who knows. Why should it matter?
Shouldn’t you hurry up and heal him? If you don’t, he really might die. Not like I care anyway.

Chloe: Die.......!? ....... Rustica! Can you save Cain.........

Owen: Haha. Bye then.

Rustica: Unfortunately, I can’t save him. The most I can do is stop the bleeding.

Owen: ............

Rustica: The wounds on his abdomen are too severe. I think Sir Figaro is the only one who can heal him.

Owen: So you can’t heal him?

Rustica: And you?

Owen: I can only fix my own body. I can die countless times, you see.

Rustica: Cain only has this one time.

Owen: I know that! What about magical sugar? Should we make him eat some?

Rustica: Let’s stop the bleeding first. Else it might spill out from his stomach.

Owen: Hurry and do it.

Chloe: Is Figaro inside the castle? Owen, can you sense Figaro at all?

Owen: I don’t know. .......I really don’t know. I don’t think he is. What if he isn’t?

Rustica: Then we have no choice but to trust in Cain’s fate.

Owen: ............
........What’s with that. It sounds stupid.

Scarlet: Ohoho! Oh my, looks like our party has grown! But no matter how many of you there are, it makes no difference!

Rustica: Oh, you’re the lady from before......

Scarlet: << Volo Habere >>

Rustica: << Amorest Viesse >>

Scarlet: Dear me...... You’re a formidable one. I’ve taken a liking to you.

Rustica: Looks like I’ll need to entertain our guest for a short while. Chloe, can you take care of Cain?

Chloe: T... Take care of him? Can I....?

Rustica: I know you can, Chloe. Remember how you protected our Sage in the Lunar Eclipse Palace?
You just need to do the same here. Right now, Cain’s body is so tattered that it has weakened his soul as well.
So stay by his side; if possible, touch his body as you pray.....

Scarlet: Ohohoho! Here I come!

Rustica: Pardon me. Would you mind waiting a moment?

Scarlet: Oh dear. I apologize for being so hasty. Do take your time.

Rustica: I apologize for making you wait. Thank you for your kindness.

Scarlet: You're very welcome.

Rustica: Chloe. Pray for Cain. Your feelings will take shape and give rise to wonderful magic.

Chloe: ...All right. I’ll do my best.

Rustica: Yes. Owen, please take care of Chloe.

Owen: ....Ridiculous. Praying never helps.
It won’t reach him. He’ll just die.
I’ve never seen anyone survive after Cerberus tore them apart this badly.

Chloe: Then Cain will be the first.

Owen: ....What?

Chloe: It’s my prayer. That’s what it means to pray, right? I was always praying.

Owen: Haha. I bet it never reached anyone.

Chloe: It did.

Owen: .............

Chloe: Rustica, watch out. D... Don’t die, okay.

Rustica: I won’t. I promise you, Chloe.

Chloe: .....Yeah....!

Rustica: Now then, young lady. Let me be your opponent.

Scarlet: All right; the pleasure is mine.

Rustica: << Amorest Viesse >>

Chloe: Don’t die, Rustica..... .....Cain..... Cain, you can do it.....
<< Suispicibo Voitengok >>

Owen: ....Are you an idiot? Why are you crying? What are you doing?
If you’re worried about that gentleman, then you should say this: "Owen, go kill that girl."
I’m a Northern wizard. I’m stronger than him. Why are you holding back and sobbing?

Chloe: ............

Owen: Or do you actually want that gentleman to die?

Chloe: ....Owen. If you decided that you wanted to go fight her, that would be fine. But I won’t tell you to.

Owen: You coward.

Chloe: I’m worried about Rustica, but that doesn’t mean I can just cast you away, Owen. .....You shouldn’t think like that.

Owen: To top it off, you’re a phony.

Chloe: That was my role in the family. It was fine if I got hurt. It was fine if I cried. It was fine if everyone laughed at me.
Even if I died, nobody would mourn for me. Nobody would cry for me. I knew that, but I still tried to be loved.
Because I knew what they would say to me if I wasn’t loved.
"Hey, can you do this? Huh, you might get hurt? So what?"

Owen: ...............

Chloe: .....Nobody in the world deserves that — being the person who’s allowed to get hurt..... You don’t want anyone to see you like that, right?
Rustica was the one who taught me that nobody should be treated like that.
That’s why I won’t tell you to go.... .....I’m worried about Rustica and Cain, but.....
But I’m Rustica’s apprentice.... Even if my magic is weak, I don’t want my heart to fall to weakness too......

Owen: ....... Tch......

Chloe: Owen, where are you going!?

Owen: You wouldn’t stop sobbing my ears off, so I’m gonna kill that woman for.....
....Huh. He doesn’t even need my help.

Chloe: Huh.....?

Owen: You might not be able to see him, but Rustica is winning. Your master is plenty powerful.

Chloe: .....Rustica.....

Owen: ....Hey, let’s do that thing. That stupid thing he was talking about, the thing that can protect Cain.

Chloe: Pray....?

Owen: ....Yeah. But I’ve never prayed before.

Chloe: I’ll show you how. Let’s do it together!

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: .....Talia, the witch who became a living castle..... Are you saying that’s her, the castle?

Murr: Isn’t it fascinating? I don’t think many of us could come up with such an idea — "I want to become a castle."

Akira: Then.... Is your friend Miss Talia attacking everyone, Murr.....?

Murr: She’s currently in a state of transfiguration, you see. Something very shocking happened to her, and she turned herself into a cursed, ancient castle.

Obsius: .....Stop spewing nonsense.....

Murr: It’s the truth. And you should know better than anyone — for you are the one who killed Talia.

Akira: He killed Miss Talia....?


CHAPTER 19

Akira: He killed Miss Talia....?

Obsius: I did not!

Murr: I can read the memories of objects, you see. And this old castle is speaking to me — its pillars and stairs are whispering to me....
Obsius decided for himself that Talia’s assimilation with the castle was a curse and tragedy, and thus set fire to it.

Obsius: You’re wrong! You’re wrong! That’s a falsehood!

Murr: Are you flying into hysterics just because I revealed the truth? What a boring man you are.

Obsius: It’s all Talia’s fault! You tricked her into uttering such nonsense....!

Murr: Who are you proffering your defense to? This isn’t a court of law. Unless you want Sir Sage to administer a decision.

Akira: Huh, me?

Obsius: Silence....! If you hadn’t showed up, I could’ve made Talia my wife....

Murr: Your honor! May I be heard?

Akira: Y-yes. Go on, Mr. Murr Hart.

Murr: Earlier, Defendant called her his wife; yet just now, he plainly stated, "I could have made her my wife."

Akira: Ah, you’re right.... So you weren’t married?

Obsius: Th-that’s..... Why does that matter!? It’s all the same! Stop nitpicking!

Murr: It’s all the same? Then from this moment on, you are my wife.

Obsius: ....I will kill you!

Murr: Sir Sage, let me introduce you to my wife — my beloved Obsius. Go on now, bow to him.

Obsius: << Volo Habere >> !

(Crash)

Obsius utters his spell and Murr disappears like a fire extinguished by the wind.

Akira: .......!
(What happened to Murr....!? Don’t tell me he’s dead!?)
(Ah.... There’s a shard of purple sapphire on the ground. ....Thank goodness....!)

The briars have loosened around one of my arms. I discreetly wriggle my arm free and pick up the purple shard without Obsius noticing.
His back trembles in fury.

Akira: (....If Murr’s soul shard is shattered, Murr might not be able to return to his old self.)

I slide the shard into my sleeve, and whisper to him in my heart.

Akira: (Murr.... Please stay still for a little while.)

Obsius: .....Hahaha...... What a mockery..... What a mockery!
So that woman was laughing at me with this know-it-all professor the entire time!
No matter how dearly I yearned, my feelings never reached her heart! It’s fine. I knew all along.
And that’s why I am bringing her back to life, so we can start over again.....
They say that if one offers the holy sacrifices to the Beast of the Sky, the Beast of the Seas, and the Beast of the Earth, even ghost ships and ghost castles will be brought back to life.
I’m almost there. This time, everything will go the way I want it to.....

Akira: ....Go the way you want it to? You’re bringing Talia back to life so that you can control her?

Upon hearing my question, Obsius glares at me.
Fearfully, I continue.

Akira: Talia is not your doll.
Neither are the people in the castle — nor the wizards! We are not your convenient little dolls!

Obsius: You’re nothing but a mannequin! You’re a Sage in name only — you an outsider who has no place in this world!

An outsider with no place in this world. Those lonely words cut deeply into my heart.
But out of the corner of my eye, I catch sight of the wizards reflected beyond those unearthly flower-petal windows.
A wave of intense sorrow and fervor wells up in me, threatening to overcome my heart.
The people he derided as heretics — they are the ones who always gave me a place to belong.
And not through grand feats of magic, but rather......
Like those moments when someone picks up something you left behind. Or when you cross shoulders with someone, and they turn around with a smile for you.
They created a place for me through faint, gentle tokens of kindness and trust.
And that is why I wish, with all my heart, to create a place where they too can breathe a little easier.

Akira: Obsius! Stop all this!
Don’t hurt them more than you already have!

I open my mouth and shout at the top of my voice.
Knowing very well that it might be a futile gesture against such a powerful opponent.
But then......
A miracle occurs.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: << Obsius! Stop all this at once!
Don’t hurt them more than you already have! >>

Nero: ......Mister Sage?

Shylock: I hear Sir Sage’s voice......

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: << Don’t hurt them more than you already have! >>

Arthur: Sir Sage! Did you just hear Sir Sage’s voice?

Oz: I did.

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: Sir Sage......! I hear Sir Sage’s voice!

Owen: ............

✦✧☾✧✦

Mithra: Oh? Is Sir Sage nearby? Did you summon him?

Figaro: I didn’t, I didn’t! It’s coming! Look out......!

(Roar)

✦✧☾✧✦

Riquet: ......Sir Sage’s voice......
Sir Sage, please save us!

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: ......Wh—...... I can hear everyone...... Did my voice reach them too......?

Obsius: What are you saying......?

Akira: Can everyone hear me!?

I raise my voice once again.
And I am flooded with simultaneous replies.

Arthur: << We can hear you! Sir Sage, are you all right!? Where are you now...... >>

Nero: << Sir Sage, are you all right? Are Faust and our kids with you? >>

Chloe: << Sir Sage, we’re in trouble! Cain is...... >>

Mithra: << Where’s Mitile? Is Mitile all right? Please keep an eye on him, all ri—...... Hey, Figaro!! >>

Akira: Ah, um, sorry. I know I’m asking a lot, but can you guys go one at a time......

Riquet: << Please save us, Sir Sage! Shino is going to die! >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Riquet: Mitile and Heathcliff are also hurt! Because of the bull and the girl......

Viridian: << Volo Habere >>

Riquet: ............! << Sunrotea Edif >>!
Hah...... Hah....... We’re all almost at the end of our magic.
Prince Arthur! Oz! Cain! Save us.......!

✦✧☾✧✦

Listening to Riquet’s voice, I stare at the window reflecting scenes of the courtyard.
A Minotaur backs Shino and Heathcliff into a corner, while a young witch chases down Mitile and Riquet.
It looks like I’m the only one who can hear their voices.
Any mistake in my judgement could lead to the worst possible outcome.
I feel my stomach churning under the pressure, and sweat breaking out along my forehead. I can’t panic now.
Taking a deep breath, I glare at the windows made of flower petals.

Akira: This is a report to all!
Shino and Heathcliff, as well as Riquet and Mitile are in the courtyard! They are facing the Minotaur and a young witch.
Shino is seriously hurt. Heathcliff and Mitle are also both injured!
Can anyone head to their rescue?

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: Riquet......!

Faust: Shino is seriously hurt......!? Which direction is the courtyard?

Arthur: Right outside this window. ......We can’t see it beyond these briars, but......

Lennox: Launching blind attacks from inside the castle might only hurt Mitile and the others.
I’ll escape from the window, and head to their rescue.....

Oz: That is impossible. The briars will attack you.

✦✧☾✧✦

Rutile: ............! Mitile is hurt......

Mithra: I’ll go.

Figaro: Please do. I’ll cover for y......

(Howling)

Mithra: ............!

Violet: You’ll die here, Mister Handsome with the red hair.
<< Volo Habere >>

(Crash)

Mithra: ......hh, Guh.......!

Figaro: Mithra!

Rutile: Mister Mithra......!

(Underwater)

Mithra: ............
(It sunk its teeth into me! Shit! What a pain......)
(Even if I try to transport the entire Leviathan, it would still take time to open the door in space.)
(......Mitile...... ......Tiretta......)

White in the portrait: Sage, Mithra has been dragged beneath the sea.

Snow in the portrait: We’ll handle the situation here somehow. But I’m afraid we won’t be able to go to their rescue. We’re leaving the rest to you!

Rutile: I leave my trust in you, Sir Sage!

White in the portrait: Well then, Rutile.

Rutile: Sir Snow and Sir White, are you sure you’ll be okay? Can I really leap into the sea carrying this painting......

White in the portrait: It’ll be fine. I have high expectations of your flying. We’ll put up a barrier to protect you and our painting.

Snow in the portrait: Get ready, Figaro! On the count of three......

Snow & White in the portrait: << Noscommia >>

Figaro: Sir Sage, Oz! I’m leaving Mitile to you guys!
<< Possideo >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Oz: We could discharge a burst of magic.

Faust: Discharge magic? I see. We’re going to distract the Minotaur by drawing its attention to us.

Arthur: If we can distract the beast even for a moment, we might give them the window they need to escape. Let’s do it!

Aureolin: Where do you think you’re looking!? I won’t let you get in my sister’s way!
<< Volo Habere >> !

Arthur: ......I’ll take her on! Faust, Lennox, I’m counting on you two!

Faust: All right.
Shino, Heath...... Please be safe.

Lennox: Mitile......

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed >>

Lennox: << Forsettao Meiuvat >>


CHAPTER 20

(Cawing) (Clash)

Nero: .......Behave! Or I’ll turn you into fried chicken!

Bradley: I don’t want fried chicken with a side of poisonous snake.

Nero: Mister Sage. We’ll move into position right above the courtyard. I can’t get a clear view of what’s happening below the briars, but......
If there’s anything shiny to use as a target, Brad can aim and shoot at it from above.

Akira: << Even against the Minotaur? >>

Bradley: Who do you think you’re talking to?
—That’s what I wanna say, but I’ve never gone up against that beast before. I can’t guarantee that I can take it down with one shot.
But I’ll load it with bullets until it goes down. That Central tiny’s magic tool is a lantern, right?

Akira: << You mean Riquet. Yes, his magic tool is a lantern. >>

Bradley: Get him to shine it above that damn bull’s head.

Akira: << Got it! I’ll let him know. >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Viridian: Be a good boy! Where are you going!? What is it about the castle windows....? There’s nothing over there!
Hey! Come back!

Mitile: ......Uu....hh....

Riquet: The Minotaur is distracted..... Hurry, now’s our chance! Let’s hide in the shadows of the trees! Mitile, are you okay!?

Mitile: ......I’m okay..... Mister Heathcliff..... Take this......

Heathcliff: A magic vial.....?

Mitile: It’s an herbal potion. Please use it on Mister Shino. Because his injuries are the worst.

Heathcliff: .....Thank you....! Shino, let’s stop the bleeding while that beast is wandering off somewhere.....

Shino: Pant..... Hah...... .......Dammit!

Akira: << Riquet, can you hear me? >>

Riquet: Sir Sage! Yes, I can!

Akira: << Please illuminate your lantern above that damn bull’s head. Bradley will shoot it down. >>

Riquet: That damn bull?

Akira: << Sorry.... I mean the Minotaur. Bradley’s wording rubbed off on me..... >>

Mitile: So Mister Bradley is going to save us! Sir Sage, is my brother doing all right....

Akira: << Rutile is with Mithra! He’s doing fi... Ouch.... Ah, give me one second. >>

Mitile: Sir Sage....?

✦✧☾✧✦

Obsius: What are you mumbling on about....!?

Akira: ....I’m just talking to myself!

Shylock: << Sir Sage, is someone with you? >>

Akira: Ah, um.... I’m with Obsius, the culprit behind all this madness.... ......!

Obsius: Silence!

✦✧☾✧✦

Figaro: The culprit? You’re with the culprit?

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: Why didn’t you say so sooner!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur: Sir Sage, are you in danger!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: I’m fine! Don’t worry abou.....

Obsius: I told you to be silent! If you speak again, I’ll kill you!

Chloe: << Sir Sage! Where is Figaro!? >>
<< Cain’s life is in danger! Rustica said that Figaro is the only one who can heal him..... >>

Akira: ..........

Chloe: << He’s turning blue and his breath is growing faint! Please save Cain.....!! >>

Akira: ....Figaro! Please return to the castle. Cain is on the brink of death!
Please, Figaro! Return to the castle!

Obsius: .....You spoke. After I warned you countless times.

Akira: .........

✦✧☾✧✦

Figaro: Cain is? That’s terrible. All right. I’ll head over right now! Also, just one word!
I left the magic tools to seal the Leviathan in the main hall.
There are a few ingredients missing, but if you communicate that to my apprentice, he’ll know exactly what we need.
Tell him to gather the necessary ingredients before I get there. And take care of yourself.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: (He said one word, but that was really long.....)
(I wonder if I can say all that in one breath. Also, like, am I gonna die....?)
(.....Well, it is what it is!)
....Faust! The tools to seal the Leviathan are in the main hall of the castle! Please gather the missing ingredients and pass them on to Figaro....)

Obsius: << Volo Habere >> !

(Clash)

Akira: .........

✦✧☾✧✦

Faust: .....Sage?
Sage, are you all right....!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Black flames reach forward to consume my body.
But a cape the color of the night sky flutters into their path, fending them off.

Murr: << Eanul Rambul >>

Akira: Murr....!

Murr’s soul shard, which has once again regained physical form, haughtily lifts the tip of his hat.
He laughs, a mischievous sparkle in his narrowed eyes.

Murr: A bouquet for your courage!

He snaps his fingers, and a small bouquet drops into my hands.
He has to put on a show, even at a time like this. It makes me smile.
With the bouquet in my arms, I take a deep breath and look straight at Obsius.

Obsius: .....I’ll kill you....! Every last one of you, for making a mockery of me!

I want to pounce on this man, after witnessing Shino covered in blood, after hearing Riquet’s screams....
But I can’t use magic; I know such actions would be futile.
That’s why I use my words.
Because someone once told me: words, too, are magic.
They too can be blessings or curses.

Akira: Please put an end to all this. Why are you doing such horrible things?
I can never forgive you for hurting everyone! But.....
If there is a way to realize your desires without hurting anyone — I’ll do whatever I can to help you.

Obsius: ....My desires?

Murr: I’m shocked. You’re quite the negotiator.

Akira: (I’m hopelessly powerless before wizards. They might even be able to read my heart with magic.)
(All I can do is flail about frankly, like a fish on a chopping board.)
My wish... Is for you to call back those magical beasts, and return the castle to normal.
What is your wish? It’s to meet Miss Talia again, right....?

Obsius: I don’t care anymore! I don’t care about that woman.....!

Akira: ..... I get it — it’s difficult to harbor unrequited feelings.
And it requires a lot of courage to ask important questions.... You don’t want to hurt others, and you don’t want to get hurt either.
I think you and Talia — made many mistakes. You might have done something terrible....
But you did it all because you wanted to start over again, right?

Obsius: .............
Talia is dead. There’s no starting over.
This is the only way forward. Beasts — now is the time for us to fulfill our contract!
<< Volo Habere >> !

Akira: .......!? The castle is shaking.....!?

Murr: That’s the end of our negotiations. The holy sacrifices have been offered to the beasts.

Akira: Holy sacrifices....?

Murr: His daughters.

Obsius: Silence, lunatic scholar!! This is all your fault!!
<< Volo Habere >> !

(Crash)

Akira: Murr.....!

Murr: ......!

Black flames emerge from Obsius’s puppet.
Murr once again turns into a purple stone and rolls towards my feet.
I pick him up in a hurry. But the moment I raise my head, I turn pale.
Because Obsius has blown black flames my way.

Akira: ......!

The dark fire strokes my cheeks and slides into my mouth.
It doesn’t feel hot. Instead, my throat is overwhelmed with a disgusting, grainy sensation, as if I’ve just swallowed smoke.
I open my mouth while coughing. But no words come out.
He stole my voice.

Akira: ...... ........!

Obsius: Haha! You can no longer mumble to yourself!
Now stand there and witness this scene of destruction.....!

I glare at him, holding my neck with one hand while gripping the purple shard in my other.
The strange petal-shaped windows reflect the girls who have been cornered into ruination.


CHAPTER 21

Nero: ............!? What happened!? Why did it suddenly change direction......!?

Cyan: Wh—......

Nero: Cyan! Watch out! It’s aiming for you! Get out of the way......!

Cyan: .............!

Nero: Hold it, you damn bird......!
(Boom)
.........Guh, it shook me off......!

Murr: << Eanul Ranbul >>!

Shylock: << Invibelle >>

Nero: ......That was close! Thanks! Murr, Shylock!

Shylock: Not at all. Now where is she.......
.............! Watch out!

Cyan: ......hh, come to me.

Nero: ......Cyan!? Why aren’t you running!?

Cyan: ......He won’t attack me.

Nero: Cyan!

Cyan: It’ll be okay. Because I have the umbrella of luck......

Nero: Cyan......!

✦✧☾✧✦

Heathcliff: ....I’ll draw in the Minotaur! Riquet, prepare your lantern!

Riquet: Yes!

Shino: Stop messing around....! I’ll..... ......!

(Roar)

Heathcliff: << Repsevaivulp Sonus >> !

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >> !
Did that do it....!?

Heathcliff: ......! It’s headed towards Mitile!

Shino: Mitile! Watch out!

Mitile: Y-yes! ......!?

Viridian: Don’t look away. This is the end.
<< Volo Habe.... >>

(Roar) (Crash)

Mitile: .......! It’s attacking her, not me!?
Watch out....!

(Roar)

Viridian: ........!? Aaaaah......!

Mitile: ..........!

Riquet: The Minotaur attacked the little witch....!?

Heathcliff: She’s.... Not a witch!? Her body is like a wooden doll.....

Viridian: .....Why, Father......

Mitile: Ah......!
.......Ahhh.....!

✦✧☾✧✦

Aureolin: ............!? Stop! Let go of me......!

Arthur: Aureolin!

Oz: Where are you going, Arthur!?

Faust: The briars are dragging her towards the wall......

Lennox: She’s being swallowed into the wall......!?

Aureolin: But why, Father.......!

Arthur: Aureolin, give me your hand......!

Oz: Arthur, let go! The castle will swallow you too.

Arthur: I won’t let go......!

Oz: She is merely a puppet!

Arthur: I don’t care if she is! Can’t you see how pale and terrified she is!
I couldn’t possibly let go of her hand!

Faust: ............
<< Satillquinart Mullcreed >>

Aureolin: ......hh......hah.......

Arthur: Aureolin’s body went slack...... Faust, what did you do to her.......

Faust: ............

Arthur: Faust!?

Lennox: ....This magic functions as an analgesic and a hallucinogen. It’s used to provide soldiers with peace and quiet in their final moments when they have no hope of recovery.

Arthur: .............

Aureolin: ......Hah....... Am I truly a puppet.......? .......I......... What will happen to me......?

Faust: Do not worry. There is nothing to fear. Just quietly close your eyes.

Aureolin: Quietly.... Close my eyes.....

Faust: That’s right. You’ll meet the person you want to see.
Aureolin. I pray that your heart may rest in peace. God is watching you — as are we.

Aureolin: .....I think.... I had an older sister..... Her hair and eyes were the same color as mine.....

Faust: You will see your sister.

Arthur: ......Her fingers..... They’re turning into twigs......

Faust: Arthur, let go of her hand.

Arthur: ............

Lennox: Prince Arthur, come this way.

Arthur: ......I’m sorry......
I’m sorry I couldn’t save you......!

Aureolin: Thank you...... ......For holding my hand.......

(Sound of snapping twigs)

✦✧☾✧✦

Violet: .......hh...... ughhh.......

Mithra: The Leviathan is sinking its teeth into her......?

Rutile: What is happening? Did they turn on each other......?

Snow in the portrait: Obsius is a wizard skilled at using puppets to mesmerize and control magical beasts.

White in the portrait: He must have prepared these girls as sacrifices for the beasts right from the start.

Figaro: Oh dear.......The girl’s limbs are turning into wood.

Violet: ......ghh.......

Rutile: .......Can’t we save her?

Snow in the portrait: Save her? Earth to earth, ashes to ashes — that’s all this is.

White in the portrait: The Leviathan’s strength will only grow after consuming that girl. That is what we should worry about.

Figaro: You two are as unfeeling as ever.

Snow in the portrait: Still, our encounter must have been the hand of fate at work. Violet.
I will listen to any last words you have.

Violet: .......I remember now, just a little...... I was a Northern witch.......

Snow in the portrait: How pitiful — you were killed by Obsius so he could use your mana stone. Shall I take revenge on your behalf?

Violet: ......A Northern witch would never ask anyone to avenge her.

Snow in the portrait: Forgive me, prideful witch. It is fitting that you die all alone.

Violet: ......Fufu......
......hh....... Aaahh......

(Sound of snapping twigs)

Figaro: Oh dear, the poor thing......
Mithra. Open the door in space for me. Leave Cain and Mitile to me.

Mithra: Isn’t it faster for me to go?

Figaro: If Mitile is in a critical condition, you wouldn’t be able to heal him.

Mithra: ...........

Figaro: Don’t make me say it, Mithra. Only you or Oz can defeat the Leviathan, the demon of the seas.
I’m counting on you.

Mithra: Fine.

Figaro: They should be preparing the tools to seal away the Leviathan. It might take a little more time to gather everything.
Once the door is open, I’ll leave the tools with you, and then Rutile and I will make for the castle.

Mithra: You’re taking Rutile with you?

Figaro: We don’t know how many people are in critical condition. I need an extra hand.

Mithra: ............

Rutile: Don’t worry, Mister Mithra! Mitile and I will be all right.
We won’t leave you behind.

Mithra: Huh? It’s not like I’m that worried about you. I’m just concerned for my magic.

Rutile: I-I’m aware of that, but.......

Mithra: ............
Rutile. Please stay safe.

Rutile: Yes!

Snow in the portrait: Figaro dear, you too.......

White in the portrait: Stay safe, okay?

Figaro: You make it sound like an afterthought. Geez.......

✦✧☾✧✦

Scarlet: Lalala~. Lala~......
Ah...... Ah, ah......

Rustica: Your singing voice is lovely. Please, do carry on.

Scarlet: .............

(Sound of twigs snapping)

Rustica: Good night, wonderful lady. Sweet dreams......
............

✦✧☾✧✦

Chloe: ....Rustica! Are you okay!? What happened to the lady!?

Rustica: She was absorbed by the castle.

Chloe: By the castle....!?

Rustica: I cast a spell of sweet dreams so that she would not feel pain in her final moments. She sang me a beautiful song.

Chloe: .....I see..... I can’t believe she was absorbed by the castle.....

Rustica: Is Cain all right?

Chloe: .....I can’t say he is. We need to get him to Figaro right away.... But Owen is looking after him.

Rustica: I see.

Chloe: Hey, Rustica. Owen said that Cerberus tore Cain apart, right?
But I think he’s lying. ....Or, more like, I don’t think he did it on purpose.....

Rustica: Why do you say so?

Chloe: .....I don’t know how to explain it, but..... He’s earnestly praying for Cain. ....I think.

Owen: Hey.

Chloe: Woah, you surprised me.

Owen: So Rustica is back? You should’ve told me right away. Did you finish off that woman?

Rustica: We said goodbye.
Chloe and I found an entryway to the castle earlier. The briars had melted from the mysterious acid rain.
Sir Figaro might be inside the castle. Let’s take Cain to him. Owen, could you help us out?

Owen: Fine. I will.

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: Cyan......!

(Cawing, sound of twigs crunching)

Murr: She got eaten by the Basilisk!

Shylock: Her limbs...... They’re transforming into wood, like a puppet......

Bradley: I told you that girl wasn’t real flesh and blood. She’s just a well-made puppet.
Her mana stone got busted into pieces...... It came from an Eastern witch, huh. I can smell Oz’s blood mixed up in it too.
And now it’s all in that bird’s stomach. This is some real powerful magic......

Shylock: ......Did the Basilisk grow stronger after eating her......?

Murr: It grew even bigger!

Nero: ........... You’re fucking kidding me.......
Brad!

Bradley: Yeah!

Nero: I’ll bring down that bird! Give me your best shot!

Bradley: I got you. Get out there and kill it!
<< Adnopotensum >>

Shylock: ......Bradley’s rifle transformed into a pistol......

Murr: It’s Bradley’s speciality — reinforcement magic! Wow, I’ve never witnessed this move at its ultimate stage!

Shylock: Shooting someone in the chest at close range like that...... Requires an incredible amount of trust.

(Pistol cocking)

Bradley: Let’s do this, Nero!

Nero: All right!

Bradley: << Adnopotensum >>!

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: (Nero......!)

One by one, the girls transform back into puppets and scatter into pieces......
Amidst those sorrowful scenes, I catch sight of Nero, fury stark on his face.
With the full impact from Bradley’s bullet, Nero is faster than any beast or bird.

✦✧☾✧✦

Like a fish swimming through the dark night, he gives chase to the Basilisk, now even larger.

Nero: << Adnodus Omnis >>!

As Nero chants his spell, his magical cutlery circles him, like servants standing to his will.
With a snap of his fingers, he sends an army of countless forks raining down towards the Basilisk.
The enlarged Basilisk spreads its powerful wings and flaps furiously.

(Gate of Babylon sounds)

Nero: ............!

Violent winds from the Basilisk’s wings blow the rain of forks off course and throw Nero off balance.
Regardless, Nero rights himself and gives chase to the fleeing Basilisk, his flight path a plunging downwards descent.
Wizards riding their broomsticks materialize on both sides of Nero.
Murr and Shylock.
In true Western fashion, they soar through the sky with smiles on their faces, even on a night like this.
They can find joy in anything — terror, sorrow, or even loss.
So that they can love themselves tomorrow.

Shylock: That flapping is quite a nuisance. It makes it difficult to get close.
Let us rob it of its balance.

Murr: I’ll make it dizzy!

Nero: I’ll close in and finish it off. Leave it to me. I’m used to dressing chicken.

Smiling, Shylock hands something to Nero.
—A pale blue umbrella.

Shylock: This fell from the girl’s hands before she turned to wood. I recall seeing it before.

Nero: ............

Shylock: It’s time to settle your score, Nero.

Nero silently accepts the pale blue umbrella from Shylock’s hands.
The lone umbrella linking Shylock and Nero’s outstretched hands almost looks like a bridge suspended across the night sky.
Murr flies through the pale blue arch, whizzing by like a shooting star.

Murr: Here I go~!
<< Eanul Rambul >>!

Brilliant fireworks explode and bloom across the overcast night sky, filling it with cheerful noise.
Boom! Boom! The fireworks resound like the beating heart of the castle trapped behind briars.
"I’m still alive."
"I haven’t given up yet."


CHAPTER 22

Faust: .....I can’t hear the Sage’s voice anymore.
Lennox! Have you spotted Figaro’s belongings?

Lennox: They’re right this way......

(Rustle) (Thump)

Lennox: .........! Please be careful. There are more briars than before.

Oz: The sacrificial doll must have strengthened its powers.

Lennox: I believe so. Here are Sir Figaro’s belongings.

Faust: Thank you. Apparently this is what he needs to seal the Leviathan.
Though there are some ingredients missing.....

Arthur: Missing ingredients.... Let us see what we have first.
A strangely-scented oil, a blue pearl, blackened bones....

Oz: Arthur. Don’t touch these items so carelessly.

Arthur: Ah.... I apologize.

Faust: Let me do it instead. Commanding oil, a pearl from the Ocean of Stars, the fang of a Moonlit Bat.....
And a needle used to sew burial clothes, a silk thread dyed with the blood of a chick.... You shouldn’t touch these.

Arthur: All right. Is there anything missing?

Faust: We need a medium to serve as the keystone. Either the shard of a star, or the relic of a hero.....

Arthur: We keep the sacred sword, Caletvwlch, in the castle treasury. It’s a relic of our first king Alec — the hero who founded this country.

Faust: .....The sacred sword Caletvwlch should be more than enough for the job.

Arthur: I’ll retrieve it right away.

Oz: But first, the Sage. Faust, you located the Sage, did you not?

Lennox: You found Sir Sage?

Faust: So you noticed. I haven’t been able to narrow down his exact whereabouts, but....
The moment before the Sage’s voice cut out, I felt our realms connect. I might be able to pinpoint his location.

Arthur: Is that true!? Then can we count on you to do that, Faust?
Sir Sage mentioned that the mastermind was nearby. I want to save him as soon as possible.

Faust: I will try. Can I ask you to handle the sacred sword, Caletvwlch?

Arthur: Please leave it to m....
<< Pernoctant Nixzo >> !

Faust: The attacks are becoming even more vicious.... Will you really be all right, Arthur?

Arthur: Yes.

Oz: .....I will go with him. Lennox. Detection magic requires full concentration of the mind.
Protect Faust.

Lennox: With my life.

Arthur: We’re off!

Faust: ....Wait, Arthur! Oz cannot use magic. Don’t be reckless!

Arthur: All right!

Faust: Promise me you won’t!

Arthur: I am a wizard. I do not make promises.
But I will return! Do not worry about me!
Let us go, Sir Oz.

Oz: Yes.

Faust: .......... .......He is his very image.

Lennox: Indeed.

Faust: Lennox. I am going to search for the Sage. I leave my back to you.

Lennox: Yes, Sir.

Faust: ...........

Lennox: What is the matter?

Faust: I’m regretting my own words. I keep insisting that our relationship has been left in the past, yet....
(.....I am involuntarily relying on him the way I used to.)
(At this rate, I can never set Lennox free from the barren future of my life....)

Lennox: Sir Faust.

Faust: What.

Lennox: I am happy.

Faust: ..........

Lennox: Please focus on your task. I will protect you at any cost.

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: Die......!

Skillfully handling his cutlery, Nero closes in on the Basilisk.
The Basilisk rears up and unfurls its wings, ready to blow him away.
But Shylock takes the moment to blow a trail of smoke from his pipe towards the Basilisk.

Shylock: << Invibelle >>

Enveloped in a cloud of smoke, the Basilisk veers unsteadily in its flight path.
Shylock approaches the Basilisk, night wind whipping around him like a cape.
With a light gesture, he tucks his magic pipe into his hair and reaches out with slender fingers, caressing the wind.
A faint glow gathers at the tips of his fingers. Just as it coalesces into small beads of light, I muffle a scream.
Because Shylock is about to charge straight into the Basilisk’s gaping beak.

Akira: (Watch out......!)

But the next instant, Shylock gracefully somersaults through the air.
An exquisite full rotation, as bold, artistic, and bewitching as a performance by a circus trapeze artist.
The blue night seems to freeze, suspended in time.
The glittering golden moon, the Basilisk with its wings unfurled — every being held in thrall by the beautiful loop he draws in the sky.
Shylock hangs upside-down in the air, an alluring, temptation-laden smile spreading across his face.
He parts his lips and clicks his tongue, as if humoring the Basilisk, frozen with its beak wide open.

Shylock: Tsk tsk tsk.

The Basilisk gawks at Shylock, spellbound.
Shylock languidly slips the bewitching beads of light gathered at his fingertips into the Basilisk’s beak before elegantly flying away.
The Basilisk’s gaze trails after Shylock as it very nearly plummets to the ground.
Swaying from side to side, it flails like a drunkard.
On his broom, Shylock turns around, freeing the pipe from the back of his head and placing it in his mouth.
He narrows his eyes with a playful smile.

Shylock: How adorable.

The Basilisk spreads its wings and contorts its body like it’s shaking off a drunken stupor.
Nero, lying in wait for an opening, raises his right hand above his head.

Nero: << Adnodus Omnis >>!

In the blink of an eye, a towering knife, huge as a lance, appears in his right hand.
Without hesitation, Nero drives his gigantic knife into the joint of the Basilisk’s wing.
A shower of fresh blood spurts all over Nero.
The Basilisk shrieks and throws its head back.
Writhing in agony and thrashing wildly, the snake on the Basilisk’s tail raises its head.
It bares its sharp fangs, poised to spit poison at Nero, when......

Nero: .......Eat that yourself!

Nero sends the snake flying with a roundhouse kick.
The kick seals the snake’s mouth shut and obliterates its chance to spit its poison.
Nero stabs his fork into the snake, skewering it from head to jaw.
With blood spraying everywhere, the three cutlery weapons dislodge themselves and return obediently to Nero’s side.
Standing on his broom and looking down on the Basilisk with a cold, imperious gaze, Nero lowers both his arms.
His eyes say it all: he knows he won the fight.

Nero: << Adnodus Omnis >>

The Basilisk raises its voice, a final dying cry.
As countless feathers flutter and dance in the air.

Shylock: Magnificent. All that’s left is for us to pray that Bradley’s attack will succeed.

Nero: ......Yeah. Brad, you ready to fire!?

Bradley: I’m ready anytime.

Nero: ......Riquet, Shino, wait for us. We’re coming to save you right now.

✦✧☾✧✦

Mitile: ......Uu.... Hic.....

Mitile, who just witnessed a young girl transform to wood before his eyes, huddles on the ground crying.
But he’s not just crying.
He’s glaring at the Minotaur with fury in his eyes as he prepares Riquet’s lantern.
Riquet stands by his side, his fingers interlocked as he offers a quiet prayer.

Riquet: ...I pray that her tender soul shall be guided to God’s restful Eden.
And that Mitile and I... and Bradley, while we’re at it....
Will enact God’s divine punishment upon that terrible monster.

Mitile: .....All right. I’ve equipped your lantern with the comet tears, Riquet.

Riquet: Thank you, Mitile.

The lantern unleashes beautiful beams of light that quietly spread across the courtyard.
Like petals gently blooming amidst a dark forest labyrinth.
Riquet and Mitile face each other at the core of that warm flower of light.
They gaze at each other with serious expressions — while holding hands in innocent prayer.
Behind them, a terrifying monster of immense stature runs rampant as its shadow criss-crosses with those of two boys.

Riquet: Please do me a favor: don’t let go of my hand.

Mitile: ....When we’re raising the lantern above the Minotaur’s head?

Riquet: Yes. I’m worried — I’m scared that I’ll mess up.
Sir Sage said that Cain was on the brink of death... Shino and Heathcliff are also in critical condition.....
If I mess up..... We might lose someone. .....I’m so scared......

Riquet’s face looks like it’s about to twist into tears. He rubs his eyes with his fingertips, still interlocked with Mitile’s.
Mitile looks surprised — maybe his fingers touched Riquet’s tears.

Riquet: ....I want Nero or Oz by my side right now. But they’re not here.
So please, please hold my hand. .....Mitile, will you laugh at my weakness?

Mitile solemnly shakes his head and grips Riquet’s hands even tighter.

Mitile: I won’t laugh. My brother told me that we use magic with our hearts.
I will be your heart’s anchor, Riquet. I’ll make your heart stronger. It’s all right... We will succeed!
Riquet, you’ve been practicing so hard. So even if they’re not here.....
You remember all sorts of things Sir Oz and Mister Nero taught you, right?

Riquet: .......Yes......

Riquet nods as tears spill down his cheeks. Mitile keeps talking through his own tears, as if trying to comfort himself too.

Mitile: I remember everything that my brother, Dr. Figaro, and Mister Leno taught me too....
So let’s do this! I’m sure we can!

Riquet: Yes....!

They take each other’s hands and stand up with determination in their eyes.
And when they do, Riquet’s lantern begins to spin.
The dark labyrinth becomes a merry-go-round of blessings, bringing courage to their young hearts.
They rush forward, heading straight for the Minotaur.
Shino and Heathcliff, who were fighting the Minotaur, can barely stand. I can’t tell if the stains all over their bodies come from blood or dirt or the darkness of the night.
Yet Shino still turns around to look at Mitile with a smile.

Shino: ....Your potion really saved me, Mitile.

Mitile smiles faintly too. Heathcliff rubs the blood off his cheeks and gives orders like a commanding officer.

Heathcliff: Shino and I will do everything we can to stop the Minotaur in its tracks.
So make that lantern shine as bright as you can — Bradley will need it to take aim.

Mitile: All right.

Heathcliff: Bradley may be an excellent hunter, but we still need to watch for stray bullets.

Riquet: Yes.

Heathcliff: ....All right, let’s begin. Shino, are you okay?

Shino: Of course I’m ready. ....Leave it to me.

Heathcliff: ............

Heathcliff gazes at Shino worriedly. But he takes a deep breath without a word.

Heathcliff: Then let’s begin.

Shino: << Matztzāh Sudipas >> !

I don’t know how he has the strength remaining in his body, but Shino kicks the ground and breaks into a run.
He scythe cuts through the air as he leaps into the sky.
The pointed blade reflects a silver light, ready to hunt the moon out of the night sky.

Heathcliff: << Repsevaivulp Sonus >>

Under Shino’s flying shadow, Heathcliff grips his pocket watch with both hands.
He may be gentle, sensitive, and timid, but fear has no place in Heathcliff’s eyes now.
He is focused on the mission before him, like the hands of a watch steadily marking the passage of time.
Because he is the only one who can save his friend.

(Clash) (Roar)

Struck by Shino’s scythe, the Minotaur topples into the branches of the courtyard that begin to wrap around its limbs.
Shino slices at the beast’s legs.

(Roar)

His blade gouges into the Minotaur’s joints, and it unleashes a howl as it falls to its knees.
Shino spins around and yells.

Shino: Now’s your chance....! Riquet! Mitile!

Riquet: —Yes!
<< Sunrotea Edif >> !

Mitile: << Ortonik Sealsispilce >> !

Riquet grips Mitile’s hand as he raises the lantern into the air.
As the lantern ascends higher and higher, the area surrounding the Minotaur grows bright as day.
It slowly makes its way directly above the Minotaur’s head — and upon reaching its destination, unleashes an even brighter light.
An outpouring of intense golden rays that slice through the depths of any darkness.

Riquet: Is this the power of the comet tears....?

Mitile: Wow.....

✦✧☾✧✦

Murr: I see it!

Nero: It’s Riquet’s lantern! Brad!

Bradley: Got it! Leave it to me!
There’s no wind ....... We kept you waiting, Eastern, Western, Southern, Northern and Central tinies. Bradley the Great will take down that damn bull.

Murr: Is there a Northern tiny?

Shylock: I don’t think the Western one is there either, but....... Please take care of them, Bradley.

Nero: We’re counting on you, Brad. Those kids’ lives are on the line.

Bradley: Don’t worry. I’ve got this.
Here we go! << Adnopo— >>
......hh, A...... Ah.......

Nero & Murr & Shylock: ............!

Bradley: Achoo!

Nero & Murr & Shylock: ............!!


CHAPTER 23

Murr: He disappeared!

Nero: You can’t be serious!?

Murr: He sneezed off somewhere!

Shylock: W-why now......

Murr: It’s Bradley’s injury from the < Great Catastrophe >! He flies off somewhere every time he sneezes!

Nero: It didn’t have to be now!? Hey, what are we gonna do!?

Shylock: What should we do......

Murr: Chaos! Chaos!!

Nero: Where the hell did you go, Brad!?

✦✧☾✧✦

Riquet: .........
(The lantern is shining! We’re ready anytime, Bradley!)

Mitile: ...........
(The enemy will start swinging at us any moment now....! Please shoot, Mister Bradley....!)

Mitile & Riquet: ............

Riquet: He’s not shooting.....

Mitile: Mister Bradley!?

(Boom) (Roar)

Heathcliff: .....We can’t hold it back any longer......

Shino: ....You two! Run!

Mitile: Mister Shino!

Shino: Get out of here while I distract the beast....! You too, Heath!

Heathcliff: I won’t.....!

Shino: Don’t be stubborn! You’re a scaredy-cat.....!

Heathcliff: You’re right, I am a scaredy-cat! I’m terrified of you dying!

(Roar)

Heathcliff: ....It broke through the binding....!

Shino: It’s coming! Run.....!

Mitile & Riquet: Yes.....!

✦✧☾✧✦

Arthur and Oz head towards the castle treasury to retrieve the treasured sword Caletvwlch.
But the attacking briars obstruct the path, preventing their advance.

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!
......Hah.......

Oz: You are running out of magic. In time, your heart will still, and your senses will grow dull.

Arthur: ......I’m fine....... We have to reach the treasury.

Oz: ............
How worthless I’ve become. I never thought I would be this powerless without magic......

Arthur: That is simply not true! Your sword skills are improving. And you saved me back there.

Oz: It was my first time launching a physical attack.

Arthur: I will break through these briars and clear a path towards the castle treasury. Let us go.

Oz: Wait. The air of hostility pervading the castle is escalating.

Arthur: I told Faust that we were going to return with Caletvwlch. Sir Figaro must also be fighting somewhere.
Cain, too...... Riquet....... And Shino and the others......
If I can save them, I fear nothing that comes my way.

Oz: ............

Oz gazes upon the resolute set of Arthur’s face, his own expression pained.
At that moment, the briars once again surround and trap them.

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!
Ah......!?

Arthur tries to drive back the briars, but they twine themselves around his arm — perhaps his magic is flagging from sheer fatigue.
The briars also latch onto Oz’s arm and entangle the length of it, along with the sword in his hand as he tries to help Arthur.

Oz: ......You.......!

Arthur: .............!? Sir Oz, look at this!

Oz: .............?

Arthur: Look at the briars that touched your blood! They’ve swelled to twice the size, and they’re moving more animatedly than the other vines!

Oz’s breath catches in his throat as he looks up at the briars advancing relentlessly.
He hangs his head, chagrined.

Oz: ......If only I had realized earlier...... I could have transferred some to Faust and Lennox.......

Arthur: Sir Oz......?

Oz: I apologize, Arthur. I have never attempted something like this before......
The thought never even occurred to me. Can you hold out your hand?

Arthur: ......Yes......! Can you reach me?

Oz: This is more than enough.

Oz grabs Arthur’s hand.
He takes the hand emblazoned with the lily crest and flips it over, spreading his fingers over Arthur’s palm. With the blood dripping from the briars wrapped around his wrist, he draws a magic circle.

Arthur: ......This is......

Oz: I will grant you my magic, using my blood as a medium.

Arthur: Sir Oz’s magic......

Arthur gazes at the magic circle drawn in blood, the curiosity on his boyish face marred by the slightest trace of fear.
Slowly, the mystical lines of the magic circle start to glow with a faint, red light.

Oz: Listen to me, Arthur. I will fall asleep once I finish chanting my spell.
You do not need to reach the castle treasury. Summon Caletvwlch to your hand.

Arthur: Summon Caletvwlch...... Do you think I can do it?

Smiling, Oz nods.

Oz: I know you can. Believe me, Arthur.
You are the child who has inherited the blood of heroes. You defied fate and survived the blizzards of the north.
There is nothing that will stand in your way.

Arthur’s blue eyes blaze with strong conviction.

Arthur: I understand.

Oz: << Vox Nox >>

Arthur: ............!

Oz chants his spell. He tightens his grip on the briars, resisting the sleepiness that overcomes him, but before long his head droops.
In return, a red light envelops Arthur’s palm — at once ominous, powerful, and beautiful.
A gentle breeze stirs and ruffles Arthur’s bangs, before escalating into the dreadful awe of a tempest.
Arthur calmly takes in his surroundings, a storm brewing in the palm of his hand.
The briars fall back, as if shrinking from the sight of his silver hair and his fingertips.
Taking a deep breath, Arthur makes his declamation in a ringing voice.

Arthur: Oh, treasured sword Caletvwlch! Come to me!
<< Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

With a thunderous roar, the wind swells into a whirling vortex, and a dazzling light envelops Arthur’s body.
A ray of pure-white light appears out of nowhere, standing before Arthur like a human silhouette.
And transforms into a sword.
Arthur stretches out his hand — still glowing crimson with Oz’s magic circle — and reaches for the sword of light which has materialized before him.
The legendary sword which Alec Granvelle, the founding hero and the first king of Central Country, wielded......
Caletvwlch.

Arthur: I did it! Let’s go, Caletvwlch!

Arthur draws the sword from its sheath, calling its name like he would a comrade in arms.
He slashes downward, cutting through the briars tangled around a sleeping Oz.

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

With the force of a gale, his strike clears a straight line through the castle’s long hallway.
—Like a relentless, divine bolt of lightning.

✦✧☾✧✦

Blood and sweat dripping from his cheeks, Lennox’s footfalls pound against the ground as he launches into a swinging kick aimed at the briars whipping around him.

Lennox: .........

He resumes running, slicing the writhing briars in another corner of the room with his sword; then, he leaps back once more.
The shepherd’s usual tranquility is nowhere to be seen. With shocking agility for his height, Lennox switches between attack and defense with precision.
He has the calm yet passionate eyes of a warrior.
He dodges the briars as if following orders, without uttering a single word when they splice through his skin.
Because Faust stands behind him, focused on his spell.
Faust faces the wall with his back to Lennox, his eyes closed.
Not a single drop of blood has tainted Faust’s pure white outfit.
He is close enough to hear Lennox’s rapid breathing as he drips with blood and sweat, but he does not budge: his back remains still and upright.
Because that is their form of trust: they understand their roles.

Lennox: .......!

Lennox arches his body and dodges the briars as he grips his magic tool — and ancient key — in his hand.
Even if what stood behind them were the hill of execution; even if the attacking rose briars were flames threatening to engulf a sinner....
Lennox would have protected him. No matter how many thousands of years it took.

Lennox: Pant.... Hah.......

Lennox’s eyes shine with might, but as the battle wears on, his body begins to show signs of exhaustion.
And that’s when Faust raises his voice.

Faust: ....I found him!

Faust spins around and swallows his breath at the sight of Lennox’s body covered in injuries.
He takes a step to rush to his side and support him. Lennox shakes his head and steps back, but wobbles and turns his face downward.
His glasses hit the floor as the briars reach for his body.
Faust chants his spell.

Faust: << Satillquinart Mullcreed >>

The briars retreat, repelled by an unseen barrier. Faust retrieves Lennox’s glasses using magic, then places them back on his face.

Lennox: ......Ah.... Hah..... I apologize......

Faust: Stay still.

Lennox: Is Sir Sage.....

Faust: He’s all right. We’re going to save him. But I need to cast healing magic on you first.

Lennox: ....Hah...... I think you should save your magic. I hear that many of us are wounded.

Faust: And you are one of them.

Lennox: .....!? What’s this sound!?

Faust: It’s not the enemy. Is this Oz....? Or Arthur?

(Footsteps)

Arthur: Faust! Lennox! I have the sword!

Faust: Arthur. Oz.

Arthur: The sacred sword, Caletvwlch!

Mithra: << Arthim >>

Lennox: The door of space.....!

Oz: Mithra....!

Mithra: I don’t have time! Give me everything I need!

Faust: ....Got it!

(Roar) (Woosh)

Figaro: Where are the injured?

Lennox: They haven’t arrived yet.

Rutile: Mister Leno! Are you okay!?

Faust: Arthur! Hand him the sacred sword, Caletvwlch!

Arthur: If Sir Figaro is going to remain here, then you will need reinforcements on your end. I’ll head to the seas!

Oz: Arthur!?

Arthur: I will be fine — I have the powers you granted me, Sir Oz! Sir Figaro, please take care of Cain!

Figaro: Hold up, Arthur! Show me your face. Come here. I pray for your safety too.

Arthur: ....Yes! I wish you the same, Sir Figaro!

Mithra: I don’t have time for hugs right now!

Figaro: I’m just standing in for Oz — doing what he can’t! Alright, Rutile, let’s go!

Rutile: Yes!

Mithra: We’re off!

Arthur: Yes. I’ll be back!

Mithra: << Arthim >>

Oz: ...........

Lennox: The door in space closed... Sir Oz. I’m certain Prince Arthur will be all right.

Oz: You are covered in injuries......

Faust: Figaro, wait!

Figaro: Hm? Do you need a hug too?

Faust: I’ll kill you. We located the Sage. We’re going to break through.

Figaro: Excellent. I wish I could join you, but there are patients in critical condition awaiting my care. Do you know how to pick a fight?

Faust: You’ve taught me more than enough times. Please take care of Shino and Heathcliff for me. They should be in the courtyard.

Figaro: All right. I’ll head their way after I see to Cain. You take care of yourself too — don’t get too worked up.
Leno, open your mouth.

Lennox: Ah. .....Nnh.

Figaro: It’s Dr. Figaro’s sugar. Take care of Oz and Faust for me, okay?

Lennox: All right. Please be careful.

✦✧☾✧✦

The Minotaur drives Riquet and Mitile into a corner as it unleashes a terrifying roar.

Mitile & Riquet: Aaaaaah......!

Shino: I’m your opponent!
.......hh ...Uugh.......

Heathcliff: Shino.....!

Shino and Heathcliff stand before the Minotaur, shielding Riquet and Mitile behind their backs.
Witnessing this, Riquet slows to a halt.

Riquet: ....I can’t keep running like this! I need to fight too.....!

Mitile: ....M-me too.....!

Riquet: Let’s attack on the count of three, just like Sir Snow and Sir White do!

Mitile: Got it!

Mitile & Riquet: 3, 2, 1......

Riquet: << Sunrotea Edif >> !

Mitile: << Ortonik Sealsispilce >> !

They cast their spells at once.
A small tornado and a bouncing ball of electricity bump against the back of the Minotaur’s shoulder.
The monster slowly turns around to look at them, its horrific eyes devoid of emotion.
It growls with its fangs bared.
And swings its axe as it rushes towards the boys.

Mitile: .....! Here it comes.....!

Riquet: ....Let’s run!!
Ah....!

(Crash)

Mitile: Riquet, are you okay!?

Riquet: I’m fine! I just tripped...... ....Ow.....!

Mitile: Your ankle is bright red......

(Crash) (Roar)

Mitile & Riquet: ........!


CHAPTER 24

Mitile & Riquet: ............!

Riquet: Mitile! Mitile, run away......!

Mitile: I can’t leave you behind, Riquet! ....I-it’s here......

The shadow of the gigantic Minotaur brandishing its axe looms over Mitile and Riquet’s cowering figures.
Mitile throws himself over Riquet, covering him. Tears spill from Riquet’s wide eyes.
Mustering all his courage, Mitile yells.

Mitile: Mother, please save us......!!

But the one who answers Mitile’s cry for help is not his caring mother in heaven.
It’s the Northern wizard Bradley.

Bradley: << Adnopotensum >>!

Mitile: ............!

From the far depths of the garden labyrinth, Bradley readies his rifle and fires at the Minotaur.
Shot through the head, the Minotaur collapses to the ground with a deafening crash.

Mitile: Mister Bradley!

Riquet: Bradley!

Bradley grins at the relief and joy lighting up their faces.

Bradley: Sorry, my bad! That took me some time!
I got blasted away by a sneeze, see. So I kept sneezing my way back. Stroke of luck landed me here in time......

Bradley casually chats away, but then he seems to take notice.
Of the boys’ wet eyes, their swollen ankles, their elbows scraped red. He narrows his eyes kindly.

Bradley: Hey, you look like real men right now. You worked hard.

At Bradley’s praise, Riquet and Mitile’s faces crumple up tearfully.

Mitile & Riquet: ......W-we did!!

Bradley: Save the tears for later.

Hearing that, Mitile turns to peer behind him.
Despite being shot, the Minotaur slowly lifts its large body off the ground.
Mitile turns pale at the monster’s seemingly invincible tenacity.

Mitile: ......Ah.......! But the bullet went through its head......

Bradley: ...... It went and got back on its feet. Stubborn fucker. Leave the rest to me.

At that moment, two shadows stagger over from the opposite end of the thicket.
It’s Shino and Heathcliff. They’re so drenched in blood that it’s a mystery how they’re still standing.

Shino: ......Bradley.

Bradley: Eastern tiny. You got the most messed up out of the bunch. Stand back.

Shino: Hah...... Hah.......

Shino is silent. But exhaustion and resignation wash across his face.
He’s the one who fought a battle of life and death against the Minotaur. He must want to finish it off with his own hands.
The usual Shino would have objected. But he doesn’t even have the strength to do that now.
Heathcliff gazes at him, holding back his words.

Heathcliff: ..........
Bradley, wait a second.

Bradley: What now, young master?

Heathcliff: Don’t finish it off just yet.

Bradley: That’s gonna be tough.

Heathcliff: Give me one minute... No, thirty seconds.

Heathcliff places himself in front of Shino, who looks ready to crumple to the ground at any moment.
Shino breathes, his shoulders heaving as he gazes up to Heathcliff in silence.

Heathcliff: Shino. I’ve been thinking about what Mr. Faust told me.

Shino: ....Faust?

Heathcliff: He said that you might have trouble unleashing your full power because I’ve been so half-hearted.....

Shino: ...........

(Roar)

Bradley: Five seconds! He’s headed our way!

Heathcliff: Shino. In the name of Heathcliff Blanchett, I command you.
Bring me that Minotaur’s head.

Shino: ..........

That’s when Shino’s eyes begin to shine.
A powerful breeze sweeps through the courtyard, making way for a blue night sky to peer through the cracks of gray clouds overhead.
Shino grins under the moonlight.

Shino: .....Your wish is my command!

Heathcliff flashes him an awkward smile. Shino begins to run, as if the pain has evaporated from his body.

Shino: Move, Bradley! I’ll finish it off!

Bradley: The light’s back in your eyes. Even Northern wizards have trouble with that monster, you know?
You think you can kill it?

Shino: I can. ....I will!

Bradley: Ahahaha! All right then. Make it all yours. I got your back.

Shino: Don’t miss.

Bradley: Right back at you. I’m taking all the credit if you mess up.
<< Adnopotensum >> !

(Boom) (Boom)

Mitile: He got the Minotaur’s leg!

Riquet: It’s down on its knees....!

Bradley: That’ll make it easier for you to reach with your scythe, Eastern tiny.

Shino: Don’t call me short, dammit.....!

Shino darts forward, readying his scythe. Heathcliff shouts, his voice pushing him forward.

Heathcliff: Go! Run, Shino!

Mitile: You can do it, Mister Shino.....!

Riquet: You can do it!

Shino: .....This is the end, you damn bull.....!
<< Matztzāh Sudipas >> !

Shino’s scythe flashes gallantly above the Minotaur’s head.

(Roar)

The bull’s thick neck rips away from its body and flies high into the air.

Heathcliff: .....He finished it off....!

Mitile & Riquet: Yes......!!

Bradley: Hahaha! He just blasted its whole head off!

Heathcliff: Yes! Shino....! You’re amazing!

Shino: .....hh......
Praise me more!

Heathcliff: You’re amazing! You’re incredible!!

Shino: Heh!

✦✧☾✧✦

Rutile: << Ortonik Setomaouge >> !
.....There’s no end to these briars — they keep attacking. Are the people collapsed on the floor all right....?

Figaro: Looks like they’re just asleep. They should wake up once we free Granvelle Castle from the rose castle’s curse.

Rutile: And if we can’t undo the curse....?

Figaro: They’ll become sacrifices for the cursed ghost castle, never to open their eyes again as they wander through the dimensions.
But not to fear. So long as we defeat the beasts and find the man behind this ritual....
They should wake up like nothing ever happened.
.......!

Rutile: What’s wrong, Dr. Figaro!?

Figaro: Stand back, Rutile. I sense powerful magic and animus from the other side of this wall.

Rutile: Could it be another beast!?

Figaro: No.... This feels vaguely.... Familiar.....
Hold up! Hold up, Owen!

Owen: << Cure Memini >>

Figaro: << Possideo >> !

(Crash) (Crumble)

Owen: ......! Figaro......

Figaro: That was close. We were about to knock each other out.

Rutile: Chloe! Mister Rustica!

Chloe: Rutile! Thank goodness you’re all right!

Rutile: Where’s Mister Cain....!?

Rustica: Right here.

Cain: ....hh..... Ugh.....

Figaro: Is he conscious?

Chloe: He goes in and out. We kept talking to him, just as Rustica instructed, but.....

Figaro: Thank you — that’s very important. Cain. Cain, can you hear me?

Cain: .......ah.....

Owen: Hey! He’s on the brink of death; don’t force him to speak!
Haha..... I know what you are. You take pleasure in people’s final moments. It must be like poking dying bugs to you.
I thought it was strange — you, a doctor? In reality, you’re just a horrifying Norther—.....

Figaro: Owen. Shut your mouth. I’ll take your eye and send the rest of you flying.
Ah, this is awful. He’s been bitten by a giant beast. What magical beast did this to you?

Cain: ......Ce.....
Cerberus.....

Figaro: ..........

Owen: Don’t look at me.

Cain: .....It’s not Owen’s fault. It’s my......

Owen: What....?

Cain: .....hh......

Owen: Of course it’s my fault!

Cain: .......ah......

Figaro: Cain. Cain, don’t pass out. Everyone, keep saying his name.

Chloe: Cain!

Rutile: Pull yourself together, Mister Cain!

Rustica: Cain. It’ll be all right.

Owen: ............

Figaro: Don’t worry. I will save you.
<< Possideo >>

✦✧☾✧✦

The sea breeze blows even stronger than before.
Arthur’s jaw falls open as the wind toys with the tips of his hair.

Arthur: ......! So that’s the Leviathan......!
It’s huge......!

Mithra: Please don’t react the same way Rutile did.

Snow in the portrait: We will guide you, Arthur. You have to use the sword to draw a sealing circle in the sea.

White in the portrait: Mithra, until the magic circle is completed, you will act as a decoy and head into the sea.

Snow in the portrait: Once Arthur confines the Leviathan to the sea with the magic circle, Mithra will take it down.

White in the portrait: Understand, you two?

Arthur: Got it!

Mithra: I’ll show you.

Snow & White in the portrait: Ohoho! Time to put the plan into action!

Arthur: Mithra, I’m leaving it to you!

Mithra: What’s with your hand? ......You’ve been giving off Oz’s scent.

Arthur: Sir Oz granted me his magic. Here, let’s high five.

Mithra: Okay.

Exchanging a high five, Arthur and Mithra mount their brooms and fly parallel to the horizon.

Mithra: << Arthim >>

Provoked by Mithra’s attack, the Leviathan — its gigantic frame bigger than a building — chases after him.
With all the force and profound impact of a colossal ship racing through the waters.
But Mithra skims across the sea, his expression unchanging.
The instant the Leviathan throws open its jaw to sink its teeth into him, Mithra dives into the sea.
He cuts through the water, the Leviathan still in pursuit.
Mithra takes out his magic skull, skillfully evading the Leviathan as it closes the distance between the two of them.
He unleashes attack after attack from his skull, all the while strategically preventing the Leviathan from surfacing.
From the depths of the sea, Mithra’s gaze travels beyond the surface of the water, looking at the magic circle of foam that Arthur is drawing with Caletvwlch while riding on his broom.

Snow in the portrait: Have you set the red silk thread aflame on the surface of the sea?

Arthur: Yes!

White in the portrait: Have you anointed the treasured sword Caletvwlch with a single drop of commanding oil?

Arthur: Yes!

Snow in the portrait: Very well. Then let’s begin the sealing ceremony!

White in the portrait: It’s time for Mithra to lead the Leviathan into the magic circle that you drew!

Arthur: All right.
<< Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

Arthur chants his spell, his grimoire in one hand and Caletvwlch in the other.
He slashes the surface of the sea with Caletvwlch.
Drawing the magic circle of water, his movements across the sea resemble a dance upon the waves.
Once he connects the final line, water erupts from the magic circle drawn on the sea like a suboceanic volcano erupting.
The sea spray gushes high into the night sky, forming a circular pillar with Arthur as its core.
With lingering traces of boyishness, Arthur’s clear blue eyes are alight with the air of a king.

Arthur: Mithra, over to you!

Bathed in moonlight and sea spray, the twins peer steadily at the water’s surface with identical expressions.
Snow and White break into delighted smiles at the same moment.
Perhaps they spot the unknowing Leviathan in furious pursuit of Mithra as he swims towards the magic circle.

Snow & White in the portrait: You fell for it!

Mithra breaks through the water surface, and the Leviathan on his heels follows suit.

Arthur: << Pernoctant Nixzo >>!

The magic circle glows brightly.
The glowing circle traps the Leviathan’s gigantic body as it breaches the surface, rendering it motionless.
Soaring high into the sky, Mithra stands atop his broom as he looks down at the rampaging Leviathan.
He languidly tosses his magic skull into the air, pushing back his wet hair.

Mithra: << Arthim >>

The enlarged skull throws its jaw wide open in a show of intimidation.
An icy blast of wind blows from its mouth.
The roaring gale relentlessly leaves swaths of white ice in its path — freezing over the surface of the sea, the night air, even the sea spray.
Even the Leviathan, which seemed like an immortal demon, freezes over instantaneously.
If it hadn’t been trapped within the magic circle, it would have escaped to a different body of water.

Arthur: Amazing......

Arthur exclaims, his breath misting white, brimming with genuine admiration at the overwhelming impact of Mithra’s magic.
Until dawn breaks, he is the strongest wizard in the world.
Mithra blinks languidly — he has a sleepy gaze for the lord of the night.

Mithra: This is the end.

Mithra snaps his fingers.
And the Leviathan shatters into pieces before anyone can even gasp in awe.
The fragments rain down on the sea surface like hail. Arthur raises the painting over his head to shield himself.

Arthur: You did it, Mithra!

Snow in the portrait: Ouch, ouch, that hurts!

White in the portrait: Hey, Arthur! Don’t go using us as an umbrella!

Arthur: S-sorry!

Arthur hastily lowers the portrait. Mithra breaks into laughter at the sight.
Like an innocent young boy.

Mithra: Ahaha!


CHAPTER 25

Faust: This way, Lennox. Let’s head to the Sage.

Lennox: Where in this castle is he?

Faust: He’s trapped within that puppeteer’s barrier. I’m going to make a connection to breach that dimension. We might face some resistance, but we’ll force our way in.

Lennox: I understand.

Faust: As long as we have the Sage, Oz can use his magic. I don’t know what might happen, but let’s prioritize bringing Oz and the Sage into contact with each other.

Oz: Understood.

Faust: << Satillquinart Mulcreed >>

✦✧☾✧✦

Obsius: ......My magical beasts...... How did this happen...... My one desire, laid to waste after all these long years!

Obsius discards his silk hat, tearing messily at his hair.
His face flashes with despair and rage, twitching with the ghost of a crooked smile.
Obsius paces the room, keeping up rapid conversation with himself.

Obsius: That’s why I said! We shouldn’t go against Oz and the twins from the North!
I just wanted to see Talia again! Anywhere would have sufficed, as long as I could gather the magical beasts and summon the briar castle!
This all happened because that person insisted I take action at Granvelle Castle during the five countries’ peace conference......!

Akira: (That person......?)

At that moment, a familiar-looking mirror materializes in the unearthly dimension.
It’s Faust’s magic tool.

Obsius: ............! << Volo Habere >>

Holding his puppet close, Obsius chants his spell.
As he does, the mirror distorts limply and shrinks. But the next moment, it returns to its original size.
The mirror expands and shrinks in a cycle like a contest of wills, before steadily glowing brighter and brighter.
With a dazzling brilliance—......
Oz, Faust and Lennox appear before me.

Faust: ......Hah...... Sage......!

Akira: ......hh........!

I attempt to call Faust’s name, but to no avail. Obsius sealed my voice away.

Faust: So he stole your voice with magic. ......You bastard......

Realizing my predicament, Faust glares sharply at Obsius.
A far cry from the usual, listless Faust — right now, he has all the sharpness and intensity of a leader.
Immediately, Obsius grabs the back of my collar and pulls me close.
He wraps his arms around my own and holds me back.

Lennox: Sir Sage!

Obsius: Back away! I’ll kill your precious Sage!

Oz: Try it if you can.

Narrowing his gaze, Oz raises his staff.
Obsius’ entire body stiffens with tension: perhaps he knows of Oz. He chuckles in a show of false bravado.

Obsius: And why should I fear you? I know you can’t use magic until dawn breaks!

Faust: ......Where did you hear that? Intel regarding wizards’ weaknesses is highly confidential.

Obsius: From the sponsor of my plans. But it has all come to nothing.
Even after summoning the three beasts and the fabled castle wandering between dimensions, the curse remains in place.......
Even after all this, I cannot see Talia........

Obsius laughs hollowly, black flames igniting in the palm of his right hand.
Eerie flames dance and sway before my eyes.

Obsius: Nothing matters anymore..... This is just the way of the world: cold and unforgiving to outcasts.
Perhaps I should just lend myself to this cursed castle as it is swallowed into the distant dimensions, doomed to wander for eternity.....

Akira: ......hh......!

Obsius: And I will take every last one of you with me — the Sage, the demon, and the sleeping humans, all of you....!
The philosopher Murr’s shard, or whatever it is... The Prince, the King... They all mean nothing! Talia, too, and the days I spent with her....
I haven’t a single care in the world for them! They were never special; they were never wonderful. It was all a pathetic sham; a waste of time!
That was what I wasted my life upon!

Obsius’ voice resounds, an indistinguishable cacophony of fury and anguish.
Suddenly, a wave of emotion — something like sorrow — washes over me. It does not originate from Obsius, nor from Oz nor Faust.
It permeates the space we inhabit...... This terrifying, unearthly castle of briars.

Akira: (......Talia?)

I look up at the sound of boots clicking on the ground.
Oz takes a step forward. He walks towards me, one step after another, wordlessly holding his staff aloft.
Like a beast rubbed the wrong way, Obsius spits out threats, his voice ragged.

Obsius: Oz! There’s no point brandishing your weapon at me! I know you can’t use magic!

Oz: It is as you say. Until the day breaks, I cannot use magic. However......
I have learned physical attacks.

Obsius: What?

(Thwack)

Obsius: Oof......!!

Oz bashes Obsius with his staff.

Faust & Lennox: Huh!?

No one expected the great wizard known as the demon king to strike someone physically.
Missing his chance to dodge, Obsius staggers under the blow.
I seize the opening to shake off his grip and run towards Oz.
I don’t know what role the Sage holds in this world.
But I do know that—......
When Oz — who can’t use magic because of his injury from the < Great Catastrophe > — touches me, he’ll regain his magic.
He can unleash the strongest power on earth.

Oz: << Vox Nox >>

The second he chants his spell, my voice breaks free from my throat.

Akira: Oz......!

Oz: I kept you waiting. Sage.

Obsius: ......You......!
<< Volo Habero >>!

I hear Obsius’ spell reverberate behind me.
His puppet spews black flames, ready to attack.
But Faust and Lennox throw themselves in front of the flames.

Faust: You will not lay a finger on him.

Lennox: << Forsettao Meiuvat >>

Faust: << Satillquinart Mulcreed >>

Faust and Lennox’s magic keeps Obsius’ black flames at bay, dissipating the scorching heat of the attack.
Oz pulls me towards him with one hand, his staff poised in the other.
He fixes a stern gaze on Obsius, only to suddenly turn to look down at me as a thought occurs to him.

Oz: Have you ever witnessed the death of a wizard?

I can’t immediately grasp the meaning behind his question.
I answer truthfully.

Akira: No.

Oz does not reply. He presses my head down firmly, turning my eyes to the ground.

Oz: << Vox Nox >>

Oz chants his spell, whipping up a gentle breeze that flutters through his long hair.
Blue flashes of light streak across the space, followed by the reverberations of tremendous, ear-splitting claps of thunder.

Akira: ............!

My head still bowed, I hear a sound like shattering glass.
The crystal clear notes of splintering cracks.
By that point, I can guess what is happening.
Wizards turn into stone when they die.
Priceless, beautiful crystals that people call mana stones.
Oz releases my hand and I raise my head. Obsius is no longer there.
In his place, countless mana stones have scattered around us.
I close my eyes, suddenly feeling faint.

Lennox: Sir Sage......!

Perhaps the tension sustaining me snapped. I fall unconscious as Lennox supports my body.

✦✧☾✧✦

Then, I dream a short dream.
It may have been someone’s memory rather than a dream.
From a long, long time ago......

Murr: Tell me your story, Talia.
I’m all agog to know how you turned out this way.

Talia: ....You’re so rude..... I am not your research subject!

Murr: Pardon me. I simply cannot temper my curiosity when faced with something spectacular.

Talia: Spectacular? Me? You must be lying!

Murr: It’s not a lie.

Talia: ....What are you plotting? Do you pity me? Or are you just going to mock me later in front of all your friends, in hopes of inciting peals of vicious laughter?

Murr: You are not particularly unique, so I don’t think I can use your story to amuse others. My friends are also not the type to laugh viciously.

Talia: Then what is it!? What is it about me that makes the great Murr, the famous, genius scholar, say that I am spectacular!?

Murr: The fact that you are a societal outcast: a cursed, violent, ill-bred witch who lashes out at all who approach her with briars.

Talia: .......Uuuh.... Hic! Wah....... Waaaah........

Murr: ............

Talia: .......So you are making fun of me......! You’re so awful......! Waaah.........

Murr: .....I do confess that your contorted and emotional personality makes me recoil from the sheer pain of dealing with you. Here, a handkerchief.

Talia: Well I’m equally sick of you! You know, Obsius said that the world is pointless!
Because it’s a world that belongs to the chosen. Outcasts should just stick with outcasts!
A popular scholar like you should go hang out with someone just as popular!

Murr: But I want to know about you.

Talia: Stop lying to my face. Even my long-time friend Obsius has no interest in me.
He never even asks me a single question. And that’s because I’m a boring witch.

Murr: He simply thinks you’ll shrink back — that you’ll fear any interest directed at you.

Talia: ....That’s true; I am a little afraid. Because I don’t know what he’ll ask me, and I don’t want to disappoint him with a strange answer.....

Murr: See? Your hysterical fit a moment ago also stemmed from that fear.

Talia: .....Murr. If you know that I fear questions, then why do you still ask them of me?

Murr: Because my own fascination takes priority.

Talia: ..............

Murr: You have a kind friend. But he’s wrong about two things.
This world is beautiful and spectacular. And you are loved.

Talia: .......... .....By whom?

Murr: By this world.

Talia: .............. .....Would you mind acting like a gentleman? Then I might be willing to answer your questions.

Murr: Of course. That’s my specialty.

Talia: Then..... I’ll tell you my story. I’ll do my best......

Murr: I’m looking forward to it.

Talia: .....But it might be boring. I’m not.... Really special in any way. And nothing amazing has happened in my life.

Murr: Talia. Tell me your story.

Talia: ........... Hey, Murr. I.....
I want to be an ancient castle of roses standing on the moon. A quiet castle, befitting of roses.
Obsius may hate wizards and humans; the only thing he may care about is puppetry....
But he loves the moon, and this castle, and the fragrance of roses.
I want to become a castle of roses so he’ll come visit me for eternity.


CHAPTER 26

Apparently, the incident was more or less resolved while I was unconscious.

Oz: << Vox Nox >>

With Oz’s magic, Gravelle Castle returned to normal.

✦✧☾✧✦

Drummond: Yawn, mmm..... Hah......! The opening ceremony!?

Canary: ......Yaawn...... Oh my, what am I doing here......?

The castle’s inhabitants arise unharmed from their slumber.
And the labyrinthine courtyard returns to normal.
The children who sustained terrible injuries were also all right.

Rutile: Mitile......!

Mitile: Nii-sama! Nii-sama.....!

Nero: Riquet! Are you okay!?

Riquet: Yes! I’m all right, but Shino and Heathcliff......

Nero: Are you guys okay!?

Faust: Shino, Heathcliff.... I’m sorry we couldn’t be with you during this horrific incident. I’m so glad you’re safe.

Shino: Hey, don’t feel too bad about it, Faust.

Faust: Why did you push yourself past your limit.....

Shino: Heh. Well, my master demanded that I show off to him.

Heathcliff: Um, well.... Yes. I did.

Shino: I defeated the Minotaur. How’s that? Am I amazing? Tell me, Nero, Faust.

Faust: You are. Well done.

Nero: You’re the greatest warrior ever.

Shino: Hehe. Hear that?

Heathcliff: ........ I want to praise you, but if I do, you’re going to push yourself over the edge again.......

Figaro: Exactly. I’m glad to see you in high spirits, but you need to rest up for a while, Shino. Now who’s my next patient?

Faust: You’ve been healing people all night. Are you hurt anywhere?

Figaro: I’m fine because Mithra did a lot of work for us tonight.

Faust: I see. Thank you for tending to the children’s wounds.

Figaro: You’re welcome.

Mithra: Phew..... I’m so glad Rutile and Mitile are all right.....

Mitile: Mister Mithra......

Rutile: Mister Mithra. Thank you for thinking about us.

Mithra: I was beyond uneasy, you know. My stomach was in pain the entire night......

Rutile: You were that worried about us!?

Mithra: ........ I feel like it still hurts......

Mitile: My stomach hurt all night too..... I didn’t know the same thing could happen to you, Mister Mithra. I’ll pat your stomach for you.

Mithra: Sigh......

Rutile: Mister Mithra, Mitile. I’ll brew you some stomach-easing herbal tea, and then we can all rest up together.
You worked so hard tonight.

✦✧☾✧✦

Snow: Sage. You’ve finally awakened.

White: We’re glad you’re safe, dear Sage.

Akira: Good morning...... I’m glad that everyone is all right.
There’s no trace of their injuries or torn clothes...... Did Figaro and Chloe fix them all up?
Even though there was such a ruckus, the castle is so calm. It’s almost as if nothing happened......

Snow: We decided not to say anything.

Akira: Not to say anything.......?

White: Right, Arthur, Oz?

Arthur: Yes. Once the spell broke, no one seemed to remember what happened in this castle last night......

Oz: ............

Akira: I see......

Arthur: I considered telling Drummond and Cock Robin what happened, but they don’t seem to have any memories of it at all.
Perhaps I have a duty to tell everyone in the castle the truth, but the thought of subjecting them to such a terrifying story......
It would be unwise to needlessly arouse their fear of wizards......

Snow: Thus we’ve decided to write it off as a night of mysterious happenings.

Akira: A night of mysterious happenings, huh. And everyone’s okay with that?
You all staked your lives and desperately protected the people of this castle, and yet no one will know of your efforts......

Arthur: That’s fine. Right, Sir Oz?

Oz: Yes.

Akira: What do you mean?

Oz: Sage. So long as you remember, that alone is enough. The ones who fought valiantly have all accepted this outcome.
You should convey your appreciation to them later.

As he speaks, I feel an indescribable emotion.
A strange mixture of happiness, grief, warmth, and loneliness......
If I am the Sage, then the ones known as the Sage’s wizards — they are my wizards.

My wizards who battled through this night of mysterious happenings, right till the end.

I am the only one who can shower these unknown heroes of the night with endless applause and celebratory bouquets.

It is my honor, and yet a bit of a shame. Won’t somebody say this to them?

Tell me your story.

The story of that mysterious night.

Please ask them in a gentlemanly and courteous manner. On a calm night, with polite words that will not hurt them.
Please, don’t hurt them.
If we could learn about each other, bit by bit, like hearts growing closer ......

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: Shylock, here.....

Shylock: ....This is a shard of Murr’s soul. Was it in Granvelle Castle?

Akira: I think it was actually within Talia, the castle of roses. He protected me.

Shylock: I see.... I’m glad to hear he was of use to you.

Akira: Are you going to feed that shard to Murr?

Shylock: I plan on it. Why do you ask?

Akira: I thought you might want to meet this shard in physical form before you do. He was....
He seemed to be a Murr who cared about his friends — at least relatively so.

Shylock: Oh my. I see there are all sorts of Murrs. Each Murr is a bit different from the others.....
Yet they all undeniably Murr. They are fragments of the expressions Murr once wore on his face. Soul shards are certainly entertaining.

Akira: What would you do if you met a shard that really loved you or really hated you, Shylock?

Shylock: .....I wonder.
I might feel very good, or incredibly displeased. But it would be a bore if they were not complicated.
I love you, but I hate you, but I still love you.... You are poison, yet you are honey. I want to direct my gaze at something that will stir up my heart.
I like to be thrilled, you see.

✦✧☾✧✦

Cain: Phew, they finally let me go outside! The fresh air feels great!
Looks like they postponed the five countries’ peace conference until tomorrow.
I heard the ambassadors from each country couldn’t make it in time because of all these disasters — landslides and broken bridges left and right. ....Sounds like too much of a coincidence.
Well, in any case, I’m glad the conference is still set to happen.
.....Hm?
Owen.

Owen: Sir Knight.

Cain: ........ Um.......

Owen: It’s me. The one who gouged out your eye.

Cain: What a way to introduce yourself.

Owen: How else am I supposed to? Though you did call me something weird without my permission.

Cain: Something weird?

Owen: I’m not telling you.

Cain: ....... We’re headed out to lunch after this. Wanna join us?

Owen: What?

Cain: A meal. We’re celebrating Shino and Heath’s full recovery. Chloe and Rustica will be there too.

Owen: I’ll never go.

Cain: Why?

Owen: Why?

Cain: ...... I’ll invite you again another day.

Owen: No need.

Cain: Owen. I won’t let you be the one who’s left behind.

Owen: ..........

Cain: That’s what I’ve decided.

Chloe: Cain! We’re all here!

Rustica: Are you talking to someone? Why don’t you invite them along too?

Cain: I did! He said he’ll pass today!

Chloe: Ok, I see!

Cain: ....Alright. Well, see you later.

Owen: Sir Knight.

Cain: Hm?

Owen: I hate you. Don’t go talking to me like we’re friends. I’ll set Cerberus on you again.

Cain: Then I might catch you praying for me this time, Owen.

Owen: What?

Cain: You and Chloe prayed for me together, right? Thank you. See you later.

Owen: And this is why I hate you, Sir Knight.
.............

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: Huh...... You sold it?

Shop owner: That ring of luck? Yeah. Mister, I told you that you should have just bought it.
Well, it’s not like I sold it, but the head of the merchant’s guild had a customer who asked me for it, so naturally I passed it along.

Nero: ......I see......

Shop owner: But I have other fine items too, so come take a look!

Nero: ............ Nah, it’s fine...... ......Well then......

✦✧☾✧✦

Nero: Sigh...... I guess I should have bought it back then.
There’s no point in saying it now, but...... I sure am an indecisive guy......
............

Bradley: Hey, Nero!

Nero: Brad.....

Bradley: I owe you one for that mess the other day. You know, I was pretty worried how things were gonna go when I sneezed off somewhere!

Nero: Yeah, that was close.

Bradley: What’s wrong? Where’s all your energy?

Nero: It’s with me. I’m doing fine......

Bradley: Nah, it’s totally gone...... Oh, that’s right. Remember this thing?
The ring of luck! It’s one of my favorites — I always wore it on big jobs!

Nero: ............

Bradley: This merchant I saved in the Forest of Dreams some time back said he wanted to gift me a token of appreciation. When I took a look around the stalls, there it was.
Don’t you think this is fate!? Hey, Nero. Don’t you remember it?

Nero: ............
Who knows, I’ve forgotten.

✦✧☾✧✦

Riquet: I knew I wanted to go on an adventure with you, Mitile....
But I didn’t expect it to happen so soon.

Mitile: Y-yes, I agree. I think I’ve had enough adventure for a while. ....Was it the kind of adventure you expected?

Riquet: I can’t say.... I think I expected myself to be capable of a lot more.
I never imagined myself crying or cowering in fear. I didn’t think things wouldn’t go the way I imagined.
But... I’m glad I got to experience it with you, Mitile.

Mitile: Ehehe.... Yes.
Oh, right, Riquet. Please keep it a secret from my brother that I cried so much.
I told him that I only cried a little — because I wanted to show off, just a tiny bit.

Riquet: A secret.... Is something tasteful shared between close friends! Yes, I think this is wonderful.

Mitile: R-really?

Riquet: Yes. So this.... Is a secret between the two of us.

Mitile: Yes; please keep it a secret between the two of us.

✦✧☾✧✦

And the day of the postponed peace conference arrives.

(Fireworks and cheering)

Child: Look! It’s the wizards!
All of the Sage’s wizards are flying in a circle above the castle!

Mother: My, their white outfits look wonderful......! What a lovely sight, a symbol of peace!

Child: Who’s that with his hands raised on the balcony?

Mother: That’s the Sage who came from a different world.

Child: The Sage is so small. He’s only as big as a normal human.

Mother: Oh dear. Did you think of him as a giant who lives above the clouds, like the ones in your picture books?
He’s just as big as a normal human. Wizards, the Sage, even the King — they’re all just like us.
And those people just like us are protecting the world.

✦✧☾✧✦

Cock Robin: Ah...... Everyone looks so lovely......

Canary: What are you crying for? Thank goodness we got to host the opening ceremony for real this time. We have to start preparing for the luncheon!

Drummond: You’ve grown so splendid, Prince Arthur......

✦✧☾✧✦

(Loud cheering)

Akira: The wizards are being welcomed warmly. I’m so glad......

(Woosh)

Murr: Sir Sage!

Akira: Woah, Murr!
What’s wrong? Aren’t you supposed to be flying in a circle above the castle for the people......

Murr: You should join us, Sir Sage!

Akira: I’m fine!

Mithra: Why not? You don’t have to hold back.

Akira: Not you too, Mithra.......

Rutile: Let’s go! The sky is so lovely and warm today!

Akira: You make it sound like we’re going for a bike ride...... I think this whole thing is technically supposed to be a parade......

Shino: Hop on my broom, Sage. You should try waving to the guys looking up at us from below. It feels so good.

Akira: You’re really enjoying this.

Arthur: Sir Sage!

Akira: Arthur! Even the Prince is sneaking out of the procession!?

Arthur: I might be the prince of Central Country, but I’m also a wizard!

Akira: Huh?

Arthur: I can do bad things, too.

I laugh at the prim expression on Arthur’s face and reach out my hand.
Amidst the resounding cheer of the crowd, I lean over the balcony railing, and he pulls me up into the sky.
I gaze at the top of the castle, growing smaller beneath my feet as we soar higher and higher.
A refreshing breeze caresses my cheek.
Twenty-one wizards against the brilliant blue sky.
And so the story of this splintered yet enchantingly beautiful world, and the Sage’s wizards within it, will continue to unfold.
