CHAPTER 1

Akira: There’s a strong breeze today....

(Woosh)

Akira: Woah....! ...Something came flying into my face... What is this, a newspaper clipping?

Chloe: Ah! Sorry, Sir Sage! Rustica was showing me a newspaper bulletin for a salon that features a portrait of Murr!

Akira: Of Murr? Ah, you’re right.... He looks like a completely different person here — intelligent and cool....

Chloe: This Murr is so cool, right! He’s winking with a composed expression and crossing his legs... He looks super smart.

Rustica: Pardon us, Sir Sage. This bulletin was published by a social salon in Western Country. Murr was a famous man; he was known as the genius of the era.

Akira: Right.... Murr was an incredible scholar before he got too close to the secret of the < Great Catastrophe > and his soul shattered to pieces.

Murr: Did you call~?

Chloe: Ah, it’s the current Murr. What were you doing? Playing with a ball? Chasing a bird?

Murr: I was playing with Shino! He was blowing bubbles, and my job was to break them!

Akira: (He really is like a playful cat... I can’t believe he was a genius of the era. I mean, the Murr in the clipping does look handsome, but....)
(The current Murr and the old Murr. I think I prefer....)


Option: The current Murr.

Akira: (The current Murr. I feel like I’m playing with a cat, after all...)

Murr: Meo~w!

Akira: Woah....!

Chloe: What’s wrong, Murr. You’re cuddling up to Sir Sage!


Option: The old Murr.

Akira: (The old Murr. He’s the first person I met when I came to this world, after all....)

Murr: I thought so!

Akira: ....!

Rustica: What’s this out of nowhere, Murr?

Murr: Nothi~ng.


Akira: Murr. May I ask you some questions? I’d like to interview you.
I want to leave notes in the Sage’s manual, so that even if I have to go back to my world all of a sudden, everyone here will have an easier time getting along with the new sage....

Murr: Sure! But can I interview you first? What’s that newspaper clipping?

Akira: It’s a bulletin featuring the old you, Murr. ...That’s right. How do you feel looking at your old self, Murr?

Murr: He looks cool!

Chloe: He sure is.

Akira: Okay, so that’s the appropriate response.... I’m glad I wasn’t just being shallow.

Rustica: You seem to like that clipping, so I’ll give it to you, Sir Sage.


CHAPTER 2

Murr: Okay then, Sir Sage. Come to my room for the interview. I’ll show you all sorts of things!

Akira: Thank you. I’ll pay a visit, then.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: So this is your room, Murr...


Option: Do you sleep in a hammock?

Murr: Most of the time! I love swaying back and forth! I also like falling asleep on tree branches!


Option: Do you like rocking chairs?

Murr: I do! You know when someone tells you to sit still, and you look like you’re sitting still, but you’re not!


Option: Are you good at darts?

Murr: I am! I love playing with cards and roulettes too! Gambling is exciting!


Murr: What else do you want to look at? A diamond? An iolite? A cat’s eye? An opal? A garnet?

Akira: Woah.... You have so many jewels in your drawer... Murr, you really like sparkling things, don’t you?

Murr: I do~!

Akira: Um, before we talk about gems, could you tell me about yourself, Murr? Like your full name, or your job....

Murr: Murr Hart. I guess my job is a brinicle? Being a piece of ice growing downward sounds fun!

Akira: .....?

Murr: When the ocean freezes, the dense, cold seawater it produces overflows downward, and it instantaneously creates a hollow pillar of ice!

Akira: P-please don’t pull trivia out of nowhere. That’s not your real job, is it, Murr?

Murr: What’s real? Does it bite? Does it have a tail?

Akira: Um....

Murr: Isn’t that a wolf? Grrr!


CHAPTER 3

Murr: Isn’t that a wolf? Grrr!

Akira: Woah... Ahaha! Don’t nibble at me! Um....


Option: Tell me about your family.

Murr: They were rich merchants! They travelled the world! I dug!

Akira: You dug?

Murr: Stones! Because we were jewelers!

Akira: Eh? That means....

Murr: I’m gonna bite you!


Option: What’s your favorite food?

Murr: Fish meuniere! I like it when the flavoring is simple, so it suits white wine! As for the wine, I like it when it’s heavy and dry!

Akira: You sound like a connoisseur.

Murr: I’ve been told I have a refined palette!

Akira: I see! I thought you would steal fish in your mouth like a cat.....

Murr: Mithra’s the only guy who would be so unrefined~! Cooking is science! Because it’s the product of a chef’s knowledge!
But I will bite you raw!


Option: What’s your hobby?

Murr: Gambling! Place a bet with me, Sir Sage!

Akira: A bet? I’m not confident....

Murr: Eh~? But I wanna strip you down~! I wanna see your lifeless, pathetic face~!

Akira: P-please don’t say something so terrifying so cheerfully.

Murr: I like gambling because it’s exciting! I also like nibbling!


Akira: Aaagh! W-wait....!

Murr: Ahahaha!

Akira: (At this rate, it looks like I’ll have trouble getting a lot of information out of Murr himself....)

✦✧☾✧✦

Shylock: And that’s why you came to me? I think that was the right choice, Sir Sage.

Akira: I’m sorry for making you do this... Could you tell me Murr’s basic profile?

Shylock: Murr Hart. His professions are: a jeweler, a philosopher, a professor of mineralogy, an astronomer, a mathematician, an inventor, a renowned scholar....

Akira: P-please give me a moment. I can’t write that fast....

Shylock: One phrase is enough: "A lunatic genius."

Akira: Wh-what kind of person was the old Murr? I have a bulletin from a salon with a portrait of the old Murr, but....

Shylock: My, he looks so composed... Fufu, this brings back memories. This was the expression he made whenever he messed up.

Akira: Really? He’s winking all handsomely, though.

Shylock: He’s looking at you with one eye instead of two... What he’s trying to say is "let me get away with it."
This article is from an academic meeting — he must’ve done something to infuriate all the gathered scholars.
Murr was always making people furious. He was an insensitive and arrogant bundle of intellectual curiosity—and a heartless person to boot, after all.


CHAPTER 4

Shylock: He really was a loathsome person. I often insulted him, calling him "loathsome Murr."

Akira: (Shylock... He’s roasting Murr, but he looks like he’s having fun....)
I can’t believe Murr was that kind of person, knowing what he’s like now. He loves to pull pranks, but he’s kind and adorable, like a cat.

Shylock: It makes me happy to hear that. I essentially raised the current Murr, after all.
When Murr’s soul first shattered, he was basically a beast; he couldn’t even speak human words.
I patiently taught him words and common sense, and finally, he became capable of conversation. Isn’t he such a cute, good boy?

Akira: Yes. His sudden actions often surprise me, but Murr always makes me feel happy.

Shylock: I’m glad to hear it.

Akira: I want to know what Murr wants to do, and what he doesn’t want to do... Basically, his desires, but how do you think I should go about asking him?
Should we ask the current Murr, or should we try to guess what the old Murr would’ve wanted....

Shylock: I know of Murr’s past, but not of his future. I don’t intend to tamper with it either.
....I’ll give you something nice. It might be of use to you, Sir Sage.

Akira: Something nice?

Shylock: A fragment of Murr’s soul that I discovered in Western Country in the distant past.

✦✧☾✧✦

Akira: A fragment of Murr’s soul that Shylock sealed in a jar using magic.... It’s shining like purple sapphire....
If I open the jar, Murr might materialize because of his bizarre injury, and then I could speak to a part of his soul.....
...But I’m kind of scared. The Murr in the newspaper clip was handsome, but it seems like he had lots of personality issues.....
.......

I think it over for a long time, and ultimately reach for the lid of the magic jar. I open it slowly using my strength.
An arrogant, heartless, insensitive genius. I’m scared, but I want to meet him.
The "loathsome Murr" Shylock speaks of.


CHAPTER 5

(Click)

Akira: ...Woah....!

I open the jar. The purple sapphire fragment shines and dyes the moonlit night a blue color.
A human shadow appears amidst the strange, beautiful light.
An elegant and bold demeanor. I hold my breath, overwhelmed by the sight of his sexy, sharp, intellectual eyes.
The materialized soul shard narrows his cat-like eyes, then proceeds to remove his hat and bow like a gentleman.



Murr: Good evening, Sir Sage. My name is Murr Hart. I was born in Western Country, and I am currently your wizard.
Does this suffice as a greeting? Is this the brief introduction Sir Sage desires?

I open my mouth nervously.

Akira: You knew that I wanted to speak to you....?

Murr: I was listening to your conversation with Shylock from within the jar, after all.
He’s a good friend of mine, but don’t you think he’s a bit too possessive, trapping me inside a jar like that?

Murr laughs and begins to walk away from me. I snap out of my daze and chase after him.

Akira: Wh-where are you going?

Murr: I can’t go anywhere. Because I am merely a fragment of Murr’s soul, tucked away in your hands.
You must at least let me moonbathe. Ah... my dearest beauty. I’ve longed to meet you all this time.

Murr stops and gazes up at the moon. As if performing a vow of love, he puts his lips to his fingertips and reaches for the moon.
Bathed in the blue moonlight, he looks more powerful and fortunate than anyone else in this world.

Akira: Um... May I ask you a question?

Murr: Go on. But first, let me beg for your forgiveness.
Even if I do something to infuriate you, please know that it’s not because I loathe you. By the by, do you enjoy the night breeze?

Akira: The night breeze? I don’t dislike it....

Murr: Excellent.

Akira: Eh? W-woah....!?


CHAPTER 6

The moment Murr takes my hand, a sudden gust of wind surrounds us, and in the next moment we are floating in the night sky decorated with glittering stars.
Murr laughs at how I cling to him immediately; together, we step across the night wind without a broom.

Murr: Let’s make this a walk through the sky. It’s perfect for an interview. Light exercise stimulates the brain, after all.

Murr draws my hand as we walk across the moonlit sky.

Murr: Do give me your questions, Sir Sage.

Akira: Ah... Um, please wait a moment. I need to open my sage’s manual.... P-please don’t let go of my hand.

Murr: No worries; I won’t drop you like a plate. What’s this? A newspaper clipping about me?

Akira: Ah... I left it in my pocket.... This is kind of embarrassing....

Murr: Why do you say so?

Akira: Because carrying this around makes it seem like I’m your fan.

Murr: How interesting. You say you’re interested in me, but you’re embarrassed to admit your affectionate feelings for me? Or perhaps you have no affectionate feelings for me?

Akira: I do think... I like you. But I thought you might dislike the kind of affection that is purely based in curiosity.

Murr: But you still want to know?

Akira: Yes... That’s why I’m prepared to be told strange things, and to get hurt.

Murr stops moving. The tips of his mouth curve upwards in amusement.

Murr: Excellent. I respect that sensibility of yours. That’s what it means to be an explorer at heart: your interest and curiosity win over your feelings of fear and anxiety.
Your intellect defeats your instinct. Go on; take a look. I am the unknown cave you have discovered.
Continue your search: discover whether what lies in this cave is treasure, or a demonic dragon.

Murr laughs, as if testing me. I take a deep breath and open the sage’s manual.
The wizard before my eyes is the embodiment of many charming and dangerous questions.
Let me unravel them one by one.

Akira: What do you like, Murr?

Murr: Mysteries. Surprises. Gems. Mana stones. Travels. Stars. < The Great Catastrophe >.

Akira: What do you dislike?

Murr: Boredom.

Akira: What are you bad at?

Murr: Staying still. Sympathize for the poor me trapped in a jar, Sir Sage.

Akira: But you can use magic — why can’t you just transport yourself elsewhere?

Murr: I can’t move the soul fragment, you see. And I can’t travel very far from the fragment itself.


CHAPTER 7

Akira: Could you show me your magic tool, Murr?

Murr: It lies within your hands.

Akira: Huh?

Murr: Look at my fingertips that are joined with yours. The ring there is my magic tool. Isn’t it beautiful?

Akira: It is... What is this gemstone called?

Murr: Red beryl. I made it from a rock I cut myself when I was a child traveling the world with my parents.

I take my eyes off the unusual, glittering ring, and notice that Murr is gazing at me.
His chilly, brilliant eyes look as if they see right through me.

Akira: ...What kind of person are you?

Murr: Now that is a philosophical question. What kind of person do I look like to you? Do I seem rational? Or do I seem emotional?

Akira: I think you’re a rational and intelligent person. But....

Murr: But?

Akira: I also kind of think a rational person wouldn’t fall in love with the moon....

Murr: Good point. To fall in love so passionately that you lose your soul — that’s terribly emotional behavior.

Akira: So which are you?

Murr: I wonder. I can fall in love through reason; I can yearn for exploration through emotion. Of course, the opposite could happen too.
But I simply cannot stop myself. The mysteries of the world, the light of the moon — they make my heart race. I am feverishly driven by the passion of curiosity and affection.

I feel the same way about him. The more I talk to Murr, the more I’m driven by my curiosity and affection towards him.


Option: How do you feel about yourself?

Murr: I feel the same way you do. I too want to know about myself.
Everything in this world exists to satisfy the pursuit of self-knowledge. My intellect, my curiosity, my passion; they all exist to define where my soul truly belongs.
You, too, should feel, listen, taste, and touch the world; toy with it, as you search for your true self.
Because there is nothing more important in your world than the sensibilities of your soul.


Option: How do you feel about me?

Murr: That’s a cute question.

Akira: ...S-sorry. I got curious....

Murr: Huh.

Akira: ......

S-sorry. Pretend you didn’t hear that.....

Murr: Oh, no need to apologize. I was enjoying the silence.
See, whenever I fall silent after a delicate question, everyone just apologizes. I like to enjoy that moment.

Akira: (H-he has a terrible personality....)

Murr: Judging from your reaction, I think you fall into the "like" category. It’s up to you to search me out and discover how I feel about you.


CHAPTER 8

Murr: Now, Sir Sage. You also wish to know Murr, right? May I ask for your cooperation?

Akira: My cooperation?

Murr: I would like to go to the City of Glory in Central Country. I have business with the seabirds there who love shiny objects.
In order to get closer to Murr’s identity, could you put me in a jar and take me to the City of Glory?

✦✧☾✧✦

The next day, I bring Murr’s soul fragment to the City of Glory.
The City of Glory is a canal town. It also happens to be where Cain is from. Many ships float down the canals, passing under the bridges.
I stand atop a bridge in the City of Glory, just as Murr tells me to.

Akira: Is this spot all right?

Murr: It should be fine. Now place Shylock’s magic jar atop the bridge handrail.

Akira: The magic jar?

Murr: Yes. Hurry; the sun will set soon.

I don’t understand why the sunset is relevant. I place the jar on the handrail as I’m told.
An approaching ship blows its whistle. Murr narrows his cat-like eyes and gazes at me with an exceptionally kind smile.

Murr: I’d like you to do me a favor. Please write the following in the sage’s manual.

Akira: The sage’s manual? Give me a moment. I’ll pull out a notepad...

Murr: Murr respects the sage, who is an intelligent explorer. For fascination and curiosity are the key to the evolution of life, the world, and the universe.
For fearlessly approaching the subject of investigation — for approaching me — as his heart willed him to... I do not hesitate to shower him in praise or extend a hand of fellowship.
That is why Murr truly felt guilty. The sage was infuriated, but he eventually forgave him. For we are both friends who understand the nature of investigation.


CHAPTER 9

Akira: ...I was infuriated but I forgave you? What do you mean?

Murr: Duck down.

Akira: Huh?

In that moment, a screeching seabird flies over my head.

Akira: Woah...!

I duck down immediately. The seabird grabs the jar reflecting the light of the sunset, and casts it into the canal.

Akira: Ah...! Oh no....!

The color drains from my face as I look into the canal.

Akira: (I can’t believe I dropped the soul fragment I borrowed from Shylock into the canal....)

But the jar had not sunk into the canal.
It lays on the deck of a ship passing under the bridge — the timing seems just perfect.
And next to it stands Murr, who was standing by my side just moments ago.
He’s winking with a composed expression.
That’s right — this is the expression that says, "let me get away with it."

Akira: Murr...!?

Murr: I gave you plenty of hints, you know? I hate boredom, and I am bad at staying still. Naturally I couldn’t stand being stuck in a jar on a shelf in the magic headquarters.
Our nightwalk was terribly fun, Sir Sage. Say hi to Shylock for me. And let us meet again.

I finally realize what has happened. Murr tricked me so smoothly into letting him depart on his distant travels.
Driven by Murr’s lies, I took the magic jar out of the magic headquarters, and placed him atop a ship headed to who-knows-where.

Akira: Y-you tricked me!?

Murr: Alternatively, you could see it like this: I helped you build your adventurous spirit. This goodbye exists so that we can enjoy our next meeting.

The ship continues to accelerate, maybe due to Murr’s magic.


CHAPTER 10

I am lost for words, but somewhere in my heart, I feel myself enjoying the moment.
He fooled me, and I’m frustrated, but I’m also having fun. I feel a bizarre excitement racing up my body because of his power.
I think I understand why Shylock insulted him in this way —
"Loathsome Murr."
What a charming, terrible person.

Akira: Geez...! I won’t forgive you when I catch you again!

Murr: My dearest Sage — did I not beg for your forgiveness at the very beginning?

Murr pulls his hat down and bows like a gentleman.
And then — Murr’s soul fragment disappears.

✦✧☾✧✦

Shylock: ...I see. So Murr’s fragment disappeared.

Murr: Disappeared? Like this?

(Woosh)

Murr: Hello! Am I here? Not here? Here?

Shylock: Murr, please behave.

(Woosh)

Murr: Ye~s! I’ll do as you say!

Akira: I’m sorry... I lost it even though you let me borrow it, Shylock.

Shylock: It’s all right. I expected this to happen. Plus....

Shylock places several magic jars on the countertop and smiles.
Purple sapphire shards glimmer within each jar.

Shylock: I still have plenty of soul fragments that I have yet to feed Murr.

Murr: You’re a tough one, Shylock!